Well this is my first time using iWatch so I’m not able to give comparison between this one and old ones but one thing there is I’d like share that there other watches in 4-5K range which can tracks your activities like running, walking, cycling, sleeping etc automatically but this doesn’t. You have to let it know that you are going to do particular activity then it track only. About the fall detection, while I was having sex it started vibrating and showing message on screen “it looks like you’ve taken a great fall”. I just like to advise apple that my iWatch’s accuracy for fall detection is for some other kind of fall.
Although a bit expansive but honestly I loved this watch. This is my first time using an iWatch and honestly I loved this product. However I encountered a problem and that was while I was setting up my watch. I bought a GPS plus Cellular version and sadly my carrier (Airtel) does not supports the setup. For now I have left it as it is and have applied for the carrier porting to Jio. The watch works perfectly with it. Other than that the product deserves a 5 on 5. Great build quality, looks expansive and does the job for you quite conveniently. The product was delivered timely without any defect.
I bought a 41mm GPS, I have been using it for over two weeks now. It has all the amazing features, I started tracking my sleep cycle and adjusting my bedtimes. Fitness, Heart rate, and Blood oxygen level are really helpful to monitor before and after a workout. But I have to charge it for around 14 - 16 hours of usage. I am using a Mac charger since it supports fast charging.
Easy cellular setup with Jio network and 24 hrs battery backup. Feel and experience is of a premium product. Cost me around 54,800 with SBI card discount. Quick setup and takes around 2hrs to fully recharge with 20 watt charger. Awesome integration along multiple apple products.Major drawback:1. Only limited apps availability. No WhatsApp, you can only respond via I watch2. Bug in Amazon prime music app. Manually select the next song(it’s a known bug) 3. Need to have Apple Music subscription to encash the full advantage of cellular capability.
I had the curiosity to use an Apple watch about 3 years ago and hence I purchased series 4 then. And given my best experience so far, I was keen to switch to series 8. I bought this about a month ago, and now I am sharing my experience. Incredible speed, 1 mm bigger in size as compared to its earlier model, multiple features, and seems too easy to access any app rather going on phone. I am happily using it and would continue to.
Dislikes- fast battery drain, adopter was not given only cable given, very expensive watchLikes- step count , selfie camera hand gesture faetures are okay okay, rest still exploring
I like product and very useful especially sleepTracking, touch screen.
                
 The packaging was good. The products received was genuine and authentic. Looks classy. The fitness trackers is accurate and the battery backup till now is okay. Will run almost 18-20 hours with maximum use. Will update more once I use it for a week or two.
Lovely watch go for it
I upgraded from Series 3 , 38 mm GPS to Series 8, 45 mm GPS. It was huge upgrade in looks feel and performance. You will enjoy bigger display since they so crisp/clear with lots of watch faces.
Well this is my first time using iWatch so I’m not able to give comparison between this one and old ones but one thing there is I’d like share that there other watches in 4-5K range which can tracks your activities like running, walking, cycling, sleeping etc automatically but this doesn’t. You have to let it know that you are going to do particular activity then it track only. About the fall detection, while I was having sex it started vibrating and showing message on screen “it looks like you’ve taken a great fall”. I just like to advise apple that my iWatch’s accuracy for fall detection is for some other kind of fall.
Although a bit expansive but honestly I loved this watch. This is my first time using an iWatch and honestly I loved this product. However I encountered a problem and that was while I was setting up my watch. I bought a GPS plus Cellular version and sadly my carrier (Airtel) does not supports the setup. For now I have left it as it is and have applied for the carrier porting to Jio. The watch works perfectly with it. Other than that the product deserves a 5 on 5. Great build quality, looks expansive and does the job for you quite conveniently. The product was delivered timely without any defect.
I bought a 41mm GPS, I have been using it for over two weeks now. It has all the amazing features, I started tracking my sleep cycle and adjusting my bedtimes. Fitness, Heart rate, and Blood oxygen level are really helpful to monitor before and after a workout. But I have to charge it for around 14 - 16 hours of usage. I am using a Mac charger since it supports fast charging.
Easy cellular setup with Jio network and 24 hrs battery backup. Feel and experience is of a premium product. Cost me around 54,800 with SBI card discount. Quick setup and takes around 2hrs to fully recharge with 20 watt charger. Awesome integration along multiple apple products.Major drawback:1. Only limited apps availability. No WhatsApp, you can only respond via I watch2. Bug in Amazon prime music app. Manually select the next song(it’s a known bug) 3. Need to have Apple Music subscription to encash the full advantage of cellular capability.
I had the curiosity to use an Apple watch about 3 years ago and hence I purchased series 4 then. And given my best experience so far, I was keen to switch to series 8. I bought this about a month ago, and now I am sharing my experience. Incredible speed, 1 mm bigger in size as compared to its earlier model, multiple features, and seems too easy to access any app rather going on phone. I am happily using it and would continue to.
Dislikes- fast battery drain, adopter was not given only cable given, very expensive watchLikes- step count , selfie camera hand gesture faetures are okay okay, rest still exploring
I like product and very useful especially sleepTracking, touch screen.
                
 The packaging was good. The products received was genuine and authentic. Looks classy. The fitness trackers is accurate and the battery backup till now is okay. Will run almost 18-20 hours with maximum use. Will update more once I use it for a week or two.
Lovely watch go for it
I upgraded from Series 3 , 38 mm GPS to Series 8, 45 mm GPS. It was huge upgrade in looks feel and performance. You will enjoy bigger display since they so crisp/clear with lots of watch faces.
Smooth os and bigger screen looks great. Very easy to read all notifications and make quick calls. Using siri is also very helpful while driving or walking. Bit expensive but it's apple and apple never disappoints in quality.
There is nothing to dislike( excluding the price).There are some good deals for series 7 but its upto the buyer.Please note: order a case alongwith the watch to protect it
Initially I was confused to purchase apple products from Amazon. But when I received the product , it was wonderful. The watch is genuine with all the working condition. Thanks Amazon!
                
 Really works for my needs n an amazing health tracker with a great sense of style.. if u can afford it then go for it.. definitely worth the money!!
Love everything about this watch.
As expected, an amazing masterpiece.
Super watch i love it...
Absolutely loved this, but not a worthy upgrade from Series 6 or 7
The colour of the sports band strap doesn’t match with the Watch. Why
Mic is not working properly while taking calls  and not hearing other persons ,I don’t no wheather its software issue or hardware issue
Can not differenciate e-scooter ride and cycle ride.
awesome watch over uncountable accesories but i had to sell my kidney so im giving 4 stars now if u want to buy ur wish
Defective Product received. But as per Amazon IN, this is a manufacturing Defect. No replacement yet. Will update further.
Over all product is good , butter smooth touch sensitivity, speaker quality should be improved apart from this all the feature and quality are much better , battery life also improved comparing previous series
Achi ghadi hai par omnitrix wali baat nahi hai aur main review likh rha hu apne redmi ke ohone se to juada kuch burai nahi krunga. Par Sonata wali ki battery isse jyada hai.
Size : The size is a very personal choice. It absolutely cannot be determined by others opinion online. Visit your nearest reseller and please try both 41 and 45mm. I thought I needed 41 but was surprised that 45mm fit me better. It could also be the other way round.Fit : The silicone strap is the most common Watch strap that comes embedded in the watch. However you must be aware that the edges near the watch don’t sit close to your wrist if you have bony wrists. Silicone also itches on my skin. So again try sport loops and sport bands in person before deciding.Features : It is feature packed. Watch 8 fully supports fast charging out of the box although not officially confirmed by Apple. The battery lasts me 48 hours with only AOD off. This is much higher than Apple’s claim of 18 hours.Warranty: Be careful about this. I suggest you buy Apple Care Plus. This is because only the steel variant comes with Sapphire glass. The aluminum one has toughened glass and can be cracked in your 2 or 3 years of use. Your battery health may drop soon or any other issues. Without Apple Care plus your repair bill will be astronomically high. So it will be better to take Apple Care Plus.It’s a highly personalized purchase, try it out in person and then go for Amazon if you get a good deal.
It is too expensive and it's appropriate rate should be rupees 20 only. Apple company should not make it too expensive and they should give this watch with including all the accessories of this watch
Not niceCheapest product everApple and eating apple 🍎🍎 both are making us poor.pls reduce the price pls pls
Apple watch series 8 comes with series 7 band, avoid buying here, check with Apple store for genuine series 8 band.
I used this watch for open-water swimming, the distance is completely wrong. it shows 2.24km only for 5km swimming. No GPS Track of the swimming route. You will get nothing. no refund no support. Accept it as it is. Even product is defective apple/amazon will not entertain you.The battery is also not working sufficiently.
Loved it.. the new updated features are always good. It has more enhanced features for health/fitness tracking. 36 hours battery life.
amazing product nice work done by apple .  i liked that water squeeze technology and that car crash detection they both works well
While it’s good from all perspectives, but doesn’t justify the premium price - post warranty service is a pathetic experience.1. Service centre denies service (as it’s no repairs and only replacement option)2. Customer care says otherwise for #1, that they shouldn’t deny service3. Back to back calls and Service Center visits are time consuming with zero productive result out of the process4. If it turns to be a hardware issue post #3, only a chargeable replacement option is provided (no repairs) but will be replaced with the same model (which is typically a discontinued model) and not with latest one (why would anyone will take such an option to pay again for a discontinued model?)So what’s the premium prize for?? - pathetic Service Center experience, no repairs post warranty, non meaningful replacement options
एप्पल इस apple best watch
I have an I phone and was in the market for a smart watch/tracker to track my workouts and sleep seamlessly. I was reluctant to pay 32K for a smartwatch when there are good options from other brands such as Amazfit for half the price. Since I did not have the budget for a Series 8 went with the SE 2022.This is the best decision that I have made in terms of procuring gadgets. The watch connects seamlessly with your iPhone and you can use your iPhone to manage your watch's settings completely. Let me list out the clear pros and cons I felt:Pro's- Seamless Integration with iPhone- The excellent Call quality (you don't have to raise your wrist to speak)- Tracks so many workouts (I play Table Tennis it has tracking for almost all sports)- Excellent Sleep Tracking- My screen time on my phone is down by 30% as I don't pick it up that often- Had some accidental bumps but the glass is scratch free so far- 2-day battery life (but I charge it daily from 50%-100% before sleep | which takes ~45 mins)- Excellent heart rate detection (very accurate)- Has loads of apps and replying to messages is very easy via voice, and hand gestures for short replies (it does not feature a keyboard)Cons:- Always on Display (not a deal breaker for me but is an issue for bike and motorbike riders)Key Points:- You will most probably not miss the ECG and Temperature functionality.- All the above stats are with continuous heart rate monitoring and at least 90 mins of activity.- If this is your first apple watch this is the best choice.Hope This helps :)
Received the product in 3 days, packaging could be better. Coming to the watch, its a great addition to the collection.Fits nicely and feels premium, good quality and finish. You can get all your important notifications on your wrist. Many iPhone apps work with the watch including messaging and calls. Battery lasts about 1-1.5 days on moderate use. Has a lot of features and there is no much difference between watch se and series 7/8. This is a great watch and I got it for 25k plus card discount.Overall its a great product.
when i received the product, box is not in good condition, Although product is good , battery life is concern, 40mm is small size for 140 mm wrists so if you have wrist > 140 mm go for 45 mm , got it in 24999, worth the price,
Not a fan of smart watches, more of a mechanical watch kind of person but always wanted to gift myself a smartwatch to understand the hype and good thing I invested in Apple Watch Se2. A great daily wear that keep track of everything health related without me being worried about them plus hand on usability is good, no need to take the phone out of pocket to make calls or record them anymore. Already a fan and definitely a must have if you are into sports and fitness.
Amazing quality
Health tracking most priority
Great Display with amazing features
Honestly this is the best bang for your buck apple watch. If you don’t have lacs of rupees burning a hole in your pocket, just go for it. It has the same chip as its higher priced sibling series 8 with only differentiation in Blood Oxygen, ECG sensors and always on display.
Value for money … Apple never disappoints!
Good product for first time users. Battery lasts about 35 hours with normal use. Initial setup is very easy. Would recommend a case for maximum protection.
I have an I phone and was in the market for a smart watch/tracker to track my workouts and sleep seamlessly. I was reluctant to pay 32K for a smartwatch when there are good options from other brands such as Amazfit for half the price. Since I did not have the budget for a Series 8 went with the SE 2022.This is the best decision that I have made in terms of procuring gadgets. The watch connects seamlessly with your iPhone and you can use your iPhone to manage your watch's settings completely. Let me list out the clear pros and cons I felt:Pro's- Seamless Integration with iPhone- The excellent Call quality (you don't have to raise your wrist to speak)- Tracks so many workouts (I play Table Tennis it has tracking for almost all sports)- Excellent Sleep Tracking- My screen time on my phone is down by 30% as I don't pick it up that often- Had some accidental bumps but the glass is scratch free so far- 2-day battery life (but I charge it daily from 50%-100% before sleep | which takes ~45 mins)- Excellent heart rate detection (very accurate)- Has loads of apps and replying to messages is very easy via voice, and hand gestures for short replies (it does not feature a keyboard)Cons:- Always on Display (not a deal breaker for me but is an issue for bike and motorbike riders)Key Points:- You will most probably not miss the ECG and Temperature functionality.- All the above stats are with continuous heart rate monitoring and at least 90 mins of activity.- If this is your first apple watch this is the best choice.Hope This helps :)
Received the product in 3 days, packaging could be better. Coming to the watch, its a great addition to the collection.Fits nicely and feels premium, good quality and finish. You can get all your important notifications on your wrist. Many iPhone apps work with the watch including messaging and calls. Battery lasts about 1-1.5 days on moderate use. Has a lot of features and there is no much difference between watch se and series 7/8. This is a great watch and I got it for 25k plus card discount.Overall its a great product.
when i received the product, box is not in good condition, Although product is good , battery life is concern, 40mm is small size for 140 mm wrists so if you have wrist > 140 mm go for 45 mm , got it in 24999, worth the price,
Not a fan of smart watches, more of a mechanical watch kind of person but always wanted to gift myself a smartwatch to understand the hype and good thing I invested in Apple Watch Se2. A great daily wear that keep track of everything health related without me being worried about them plus hand on usability is good, no need to take the phone out of pocket to make calls or record them anymore. Already a fan and definitely a must have if you are into sports and fitness.
Amazing quality
Health tracking most priority
Great Display with amazing features
Honestly this is the best bang for your buck apple watch. If you don’t have lacs of rupees burning a hole in your pocket, just go for it. It has the same chip as its higher priced sibling series 8 with only differentiation in Blood Oxygen, ECG sensors and always on display.
Value for money … Apple never disappoints!
Good product for first time users. Battery lasts about 35 hours with normal use. Initial setup is very easy. Would recommend a case for maximum protection.
                
 Quality watch and apple need no review .. it is good watch without ecg and oxymeter . . Rest it is fine for the price.
I really liked the watch, 40mm fits right. Only complain I have is I just realised YouTube music doesn’t allow offline download on watch only Apple Music and Spotify does. So that’s a shame.
                
 One of the best watches available in the market. The accuracy in measuring the heart beat and the body activities are superb.
So nice & beautiful i like this watchAnd is best watch for daily use in my eyes it sa best product
While it’s good from all perspectives, but doesn’t justify the premium price - post warranty service is a pathetic experience.1. Service centre denies service (as it’s no repairs and only replacement option)2. Customer care says otherwise for #1, that they shouldn’t deny service3. Back to back calls and Service Center visits are time consuming with zero productive result out of the process4. If it turns to be a hardware issue post #3, only a chargeable replacement option is provided (no repairs) but will be replaced with the same model (which is typically a discontinued model) and not with latest one (why would anyone will take such an option to pay again for a discontinued model?)So what’s the premium prize for?? - pathetic Service Center experience, no repairs post warranty, non meaningful replacement options
First ever purchase of iwatch online. Liked it. Will last 1.5 days based on usage. Can extend to 2 if live monitoring and battery saver is on.
Good for apple environment Battery is very poor (Lasts in 10-12 hours regular use). I got it in 21K only during the GREAT INDIAN FESTIVAL 2022.
I was in dilemma from a long time to choose any good sports watch for myself and eventually I ended up buying this Apple Watch after trying out many other watches from other brands. I’m using iPhone from 2015 and the current one is my 3rd iPhone. So, you can guess the trust of a customer on the brand and that’s the primary reason for me to buy nothing but an Apple Watch at last. You don’t get that feelings anywhere else. If you pocket allows and if you don’t wanna regret your purchase later then you should go with Apple products only without wasting your precious time tapping around other similar products.
Like most of you all I also feared if i’ll receive a genuine product or not and there is no open box delivery but nonetheless i went for it. It is a genuine review after using it for 2 weeks. Received product in good quality. Watch is super good. Battery life sucks. We can play games and also watch videos on this. call quality is amazing. Must buy!
Apple Watch SE is good for normal use. Battery is lasting just for 1 day. Yet to explore its features. So far the watch is good and it’s accurate on its reading
Atlast a real Smart watch. A Class apart from many smart watches tried so far. Once paired no need to carry your mobile device(cellular). Thanks for the offer Amazon.
My product was good but battery life was too bad..not even run for a single day
Feels like small in size. Rest is okay
Best qulity of watch by the way its apple watch
I bought this one for 23000 on sale. Since I’m iPhone I feel that the watch is great interactive with phone. The best part I love in this is, even if I leave my phone in house and travel still I can talk calls on watch
battery drains fastly.
Good for apple environment Battery is very poor (Lasts in 10-12 hours regular use). I got it in 21K only during the GREAT INDIAN FESTIVAL 2022.
I was in dilemma from a long time to choose any good sports watch for myself and eventually I ended up buying this Apple Watch after trying out many other watches from other brands. I’m using iPhone from 2015 and the current one is my 3rd iPhone. So, you can guess the trust of a customer on the brand and that’s the primary reason for me to buy nothing but an Apple Watch at last. You don’t get that feelings anywhere else. If you pocket allows and if you don’t wanna regret your purchase later then you should go with Apple products only without wasting your precious time tapping around other similar products.
Like most of you all I also feared if i’ll receive a genuine product or not and there is no open box delivery but nonetheless i went for it. It is a genuine review after using it for 2 weeks. Received product in good quality. Watch is super good. Battery life sucks. We can play games and also watch videos on this. call quality is amazing. Must buy!
Apple Watch SE is good for normal use. Battery is lasting just for 1 day. Yet to explore its features. So far the watch is good and it’s accurate on its reading
Atlast a real Smart watch. A Class apart from many smart watches tried so far. Once paired no need to carry your mobile device(cellular). Thanks for the offer Amazon.
My product was good but battery life was too bad..not even run for a single day
Feels like small in size. Rest is okay
Best qulity of watch by the way its apple watch
I bought this one for 23000 on sale. Since I’m iPhone I feel that the watch is great interactive with phone. The best part I love in this is, even if I leave my phone in house and travel still I can talk calls on watch
battery drains fastly.
Worth its price . Very easy way to make sure I am connected to the world even without carrying mobile phone in my pocket
I bought it in great indian sale in 23K, although the 44mm version was only 1K costly, I preferred this because the 44 mm looks big plus it provides issue with the full sleeves and in daily uses too 40mm is easy to handle.Features likes SPO2 and AOD isn’t there but if u r not very specific for those also the SE2 has a plastic back whereas this has ceramic one.
Being a special edition product it has some limitations. But if you keep aside the limitations (ECG , blood oxygen level tracking and always on display not available) , its a perfect value for money at a 20k price range ( obviously during festive season offers). If you are going for apple watch then just add few bucks to your budget and go for cellular variant. You will get the benefit.
I’ve been using this watch for almost two weeks now. It shows you accurate step counts and sleep tracking unlike the other cheap android smartwatches. Also the call quality has been amazing. Battery will lasts long for a day and a half on a normal usage. You will never be disappointed with this watch. Just go for it.PS : I got this watch during the Great Indian Festival sale at 22k. 😉
Battery needs frequent charging.
For me MS Teams is not working not sure why…
I was in doubt for buying this but I got a best deal in this. Very best one
Everything seems to be working. Thank you Amazon for such a great deal.
I have an Iphone SE 2020 since 2 years now. So I decided to buy the iwatch SE as well.I am yet to test out the Cellular ESIM in the watch. Its a gps+cellular model.This is my first apple watch and it feels amazing.The watch looks and feels premium.Haptics are so smooth.The watch straps are very comfortable.Pairing is super fast.Overall amazing product.Thanks apple. I'll continue my venture to move completely into the Apple Ecosystem one day.
Best in Helth in. watch
Everything about this watch is as advertised by apple, does all its intended jobs pretty well . Reasonably accurate and most importantly quite good touch response. The only grudge is battery - it can die within 2 hours workout + bluetooth podcast outside. Apple needs to look into it.
Its apple.. No need of review.. Just One Word.. 𝗣𝗘𝗥𝗙𝗘𝗖𝗧..👍🏻
You can read pros of this watch anywhere. After 15 days use I am sharing its cons.1. It’s battery need to be charged everyday2. It’s calling feature is good but sound is less so u need to bring it near ur ear to listen3. If u need to turn off alarm, There is no option in Apple phone or watch to turn off only current alarm and ring next day. I find this thing very annoying.Else watch is fine. Cellular is really must
The price was so affordable to buy middle class people also
Awesome smartwatch indeed, everything is perfect and the cellular function is working perfectly, just battery life is some issue it only stats up to 1 day but considering the functionality it is okay it just needs to get charged everyday.
Amazing product
As of now it's working all good, sometimes connecting to cellular network gets problematic,  after restart it works well.not sure it is because of network problem or something else. But over all happy with buying this product.
Amazing watch. Cellular and gps works so smooth and to the point, I’ve been using the watch non stop for more than a month now exploring all aspects and features of it and I’m so amused and psyched all the time. Two things I wish it worked, firstly it doesn’t support android apps so that’s a lowkey and secondly battery backup is really low compared to the use and features it carry.
Nice
must buy
Watch is so gd but belt system is very difficult, becse watch seller shuld give simple belt system nd very superior quality, so that custermer shuld not be upset about it. I dont know about how i wear this watch in my hand, becse of belt system
Good
Really a fantastic watch. I love it. Worth to buy.
Very nice watch
Love love love it. Got it at the great Indian sale at a stellar price and absolutely love it .
So far it’s working very good
When talk to someone from Watch. Battery drains very fast. In 05 min talk it consume approx 25-30 % battery and it gots very warm, feels very hot on wrist while talking to someone. It’s all ok but battery consumes fast.
It’s a genuine Apple product. I got it at 21K. Thank you Amazon.
Awesome
Must have accessory for iphone. Very convenient for making and receiving calls. Sleep tracking is good.
There is no sleep track in this watch battery is draining so fast performance is worst
It looks really premium, Don't believe on negative reviews. Just go for it if price is below 22k
                
Even one day it not able to use with out charging the watch it is poor sine for this Apple Watch we are expected much but I not satisfied.
Watch is awesome, but Amazon needs to take care of the packaging
Good product at great price
Was too much excited, but not now. Started using :1. Cellular does not mean u can have an esim irrespective of your Primary iphone. I am too much greedy. U can only use an esim which is already in use with your Primary iphone and enabled. Mind it!Will add more points...
Best value for money product if you have a i phone please buy apple watch for best experience
One of the best smart watch in budget . Accuracy is one of the best thing in Apple Watch #ios
                
Works as expected 🙂
Bcz it’s not working sometimes nd battery dies very fast.
I have been using the watch for over a month now. It looks good on your wrist and comes with plenty of useful features. If your model is below iPhone 11, this is a perfect fit. I would even recommend this over the Apple watch 7 if you're not a health freak. It has all the health features you would require in your daily life.
The product has a defect as the wristband clip is broken when received. As watch was assembled later than 10days same could not be returned
Nice watch
I like apple products and this watch
My watch’s back part was broken.
I am giving the feedback exactly after using the watch for 1 month now.The watch is really amazing and works well.If you are not concerned about the cellular thing and don’t want go for too expensive Apple Watch such as series 6 or series 7.Just pick this beautiful piece.Its indeed amazing and works fine.Happy with the purchase.
Cellular mode can only be used while you are out for gymming, running and for other sports activities. Apple music free subscription not given as mentioned.
It is delivered in good condition and colour is very nice. It sometimes doesn’t show correct heartbeat, but that’s okay.
                
 It’s inaccurate. Distance and calories when I compared to Aerofit tredmil and aerofit elliptical.
Good
Best smart watch in my opinion and affordable too👍
Amazing gadget
                
 Perfect ❤️
Good experience and great product
It’s really good!!
Apple Watch SE ( gps+cellular) which I bought in may2022 is a very cool gadget. I have iPhone XR and it has synced well with it. Got it for around 32k , very happy with the looks of it and the health fitness assistance is great. Had to convert my Airtel number into postpaid from prepaid to avail the cellular benefits. I love this newly acquired device and am learning more everyday to put it to optimum utilisation.
                
 The watch setup is super easy and takes less than 10 minutes. The battery back up for me runs for more than 24 hours. The music apps like Spotify and prime music works amazingly. I haven’t configured the eSIM yet. Once I do will this review.
The iWatch is really good in design, looks, UI, and overall integrity with other Apple devices. Please note that the watch I received came with USB Type C cable which is an advantage since most people have Apple’s 20W USB Type C charger adapter these days.
What not to like, except you really can’t protect it with a screen guard, it does not work properly with Screen Guard, Overall (95/100).If you are a tech geek, go for it.
Loved it..Great quality….my wrist size is 180mm…and I bought 40mm..I felt the size was perfect.
Very good smart watch
Good watch but battery backup is very bad
It didn’t disappoint  me
Prompt delivery and received genuine Apple Watch. Registration and warranty and updates all working. Thank you Amazon.
My first apple watch and love the way it seamlessly works with your iPhone. Still working out the different features that would make things easier. The pinch and clench functions are so convenient. The SE is a perfect product and being the cheapest of the apple watches makes it a really good buy.
ProsNice display and facesAccuracy of tracking walk etcGood connectivity with ios devicesConsBattery lifeCostAll time Display not in SE model
Got this product, few weeks back. I am highly disappointed with the battery life. It hardly works for 6-8 hours in one charge. It’s not practical to charge a watch 2 times a day.Rest all features and built quality is senseless if battery life is so poor. This product should be discontinued. Not expected by apple
Good produt6
Seamless connectivity with iphone. A good finish and very good display.
A great watch with all the fitness functions and tracking your daily goals. It’s comfortable to use throughout the day and can also track your sleep. It supports more than 20 activity actions for fitness and helps to keep motivated to be fit throughout the day.If your budget allows it’s the best choice to begin with a Apple Watch SE.
Excellent Product
Happy with the product quality
Pls Dont buy
It is okk
Review after one month of use-1. Material used are good quality. Straps and watch material are top notch.2. Gives a good look on wrist. People with thin wrist should check the size, 40mm or 44mm.Suitable size will give the best look.3. Apple level workout accuracy and sensor accuracy.4. No scratches on watch or straps till now.5. Battery is less as compared to some other brand watches. But more sensors are working simultaneously, so battery drain will be more.If you own an Apple watch then no need to look anywhere else. Go for it or any other Series apple watch depending on the budget.
Lots of stuff became handy with this watch n iphone
apple products are top notch and so is this one. Must have accessory.
Fine quality product
After years of convincing others, that mechanical watches are better investment than Apple watch, I ironically came on board with my 40mm apple watch SE.It is fast, durable and comfortable to use.Health tracking and gamifying the goals is great.However, functionality is limited and is heavily dependent on iPhone for many tasks.However, whatever it does, it does best.Overall, it is a luxury product more than lifestyle product. It is helpful but more or less is a conversation starter.
I use this watch as my daily wear and to track fitness and health.The tracking is accurate(9/10 times)Battery life is decent. If you do not use much of gps and sleep tracking(power saving at night) then it can last for almost 1.5 days.Best part is fast charging - I remove it only when I bath and it charges to 80 percent from 30 in half hour.Overall a value for money product.
Its really nice to have SE series, packing was very good. Its beautiful, Calling and answering is easy. reading the messages. Receiving notification while you are travelling helps a lot. Answering the call while travelling without taking you mobile out is a plus point. Most imp it also shows notification for standing and washing hands if you want to activate it. It really helps me. Good, go for it. At times due to work we forget to get up. This makes it possible to make me stand for a while.
                
 Amazing product.Battery backup is 1.5 dayCalling feature and notifications are goodMany watch faces
After unboxing ,I first tried to connect my Apple Watch ,but was showing my phone software old ,so I updated n got the problem fixed .Later when I tried to establish my cellular connection I could not ,jio user login n set up is giving me a problem ,apart from that everything ,including the design ,ergonomics and technology u lol fall for it , but do install temper screen for the watch frm the time u buy .
Very poor Battery backup. Hardly 24Hrs
Watch is pretty good. Only complaints are that battery life could have been better and they could have added Spo2 monitoring.
This is my first smart watch, decided to purchase the SE over series 6 partly because of the cost & partly due to the fact that ECG monitoring or sPO2 estimates don’t matter for me.Having used it for the past few days, I must say it tracks fitness very well, though one has to remember to press the actual tab before starting exercise. It monitors heart rate through the exercise though this is a bit of battery charge guzzler! Generally all fitness features of Series 6 are available in SE. The hand wash feature is a nifty add-on and I’m reminded to wash my hands every time I return from outside.The major negative is- the battery life since it requires to be charged daily. The sleep monitoring widget is anaemic, it just calculates the time you spend in bed( no REM sleep or deep sleep stats). Thirdly you might require a case to protect the watch face during gymming.
I used multiple fitness trackers right from Fitbit /Garmin / all chinses crap fitness bands  ..and used it for over long period of time ..but apple watch and Garmin is having highest level of accuracy in all fitness data right from heart rate to distance to GPS.If you are looking for only show off watch or fashion instrument ...go for all Chinses crap watches they look better than this and u will save loads of money !
This watch is very useful in day to day life activities. Interface is smooth and efficient. Display clarity is ultimate.only battery performance is not upto mark it can lasts 1 or 2 days only. Need to charge daily.
The watch was simply astonishing. Excellent features. Go for it guys.
Overall satisfied with the Apple Watch but battery could do much better it’s draining Ina day even with nominal usage
This is my first Apple Watch which I gifted myself for my birthday.. it’s been 10 days since I have started using it, and it’s been an amazing experience! I mainly bought this for exercising purpose, and have found it to be highly motivating.. the accuracy of the sensors is also amazing.. it’s like having a secondary phone on my wrist.. the only thing that has scope for improvement I think is battery life.. I barely get 1 n half day with my usage.. As per Apple’s claim of 18 hours, it lasts that much though..Overall, a very good purchase I believe..
Apple watch has proved far more superior than other brands in comparison. Although I have other e-watches but still in comparison - other watches on standby mode get discharged faster than apple watch on active mode. Loved the seamless integration with my iPhone its integration with Health app is brilliant.
this time my opinion went wrong for this watch. this is  not worth for money at all. Low battery life features are not ok as per given by company. I will never suggest to buy this watch from Amazon .
I have bought Apple Watch from Amazon today and while assembling I have found that strap is defective and I tried for replacement as it comes with 10 days replacement, at first guy told me he gonna put a replacement for that and even gave me a date of 30th sep, but when I din't receive any notification I contacted back Amazon, now Amazon redirected me to apple. Apple online support asked me to visit store. Some how I tried and connected to Amazon customer care however they contentiously told me that Amazon have such arrangement with apple and told me that same is mentioned on product purchase page. Even after asking multiple times, the team is not able to show me this condition. Very frustrating to get a defective product and customer care like this. I have to go to the store then what is the point of buying product online.PLEASE DONT BUY APPLE PRODUCTS FROM AMAZON
I give 👍 for Value for money. Been using this actively to track my fitness; running cycling and home workout in weekly time frame. Worth buying it if you want to be fit and smart. 🤘
Pathetic battery ‘minus for batterySpeaker issuesIt has a speaker but cant play music …..whyIt has oled panel but no always on…..strangeit takes 4 hours to charge and 4 hours to discharge ….. hahhahahaI am searching what is good
Overall  it is an awesome Product but battery life is poor.
nice product in budget…
Everything works fine except sleep tracking 😶. If you set an alarm ,then the sleep tracking won't happen after that.
Got this for Rs 19900 , thanking great indian festival for making me afford this beautiful piece of technology. 40mm is too small though , Also battery life could be improved. Also I think it’s time apple should do make corrections on their Apple watches pricing .
Screen glass should me more durable. Otherwise the product is really good.Amazing experience till now. Using it since a month. Fitness tracker is best.
Feels like a refurbished watch, the display light sensor is not working properly when indoors, it dims the display but continuously flickers, feels like having difficulties in stabilizing brightness. Need to get it replaced from apple store/service center
It’s just so lit…. It literally melted me off…. That is why I always choose Apple 🍎
Value for money.!!
Good Watch minus the Battery life and Charging Time.The default sleep tracking needs to add more details
Apple should not make tall claims on their quality if they can't deliver. This is clearly not crack resistant if it breaks with a slight bump. And the worst thing is the repair policy, instead of repairing a small part they replace the whole watch. And they quote you 25k for this, the watch costed me 21k on Amazon.
Very disappointed, after  received watch charger was damage , I checked with Apple care, he said charger is wrong.
I have been using Apple products for many years and have had no complaints and fingers crossed they keep the product quality at the same standard.
Purchased this watch for 12k with offers during the festive sales. Awesome product and as usual premium. As this was purchased during sales it was a better deal. Good battery backup and all functions work as expecting. No more words to explain.
Nice watch
Got defective belt which is not fitting the watch properly.
Quality product
It's been 3 months am using this watch and it's an osm watch and apple never disappoint you
Awesome product if you are on apple ecosystem.Recommendation: Go for 44mm if you are a male.
                
 Battery life is a little less, but overall it is great!
We bought this Apple Watch SE series on 28th September 2022. The battery life is very poor inspite of not pairing any apps. The battery life gets drained in 5-6 hours. Please help with a replacement if possible.
It's without a doubt the most brilliant smartwatch amongst all the current lot - went for this as the 6 series didn't feel too much of an upgrade for the price.
Apple watches have been the perfect smart watch since they have been launched.Screen quality is awesome and this watch has all the features except blood oxygen/ always on display/ ecg app. If you need these features you should go for apple watch 6.But we don't use these features that frequently, so won't even realise that Apple watch se has something missing in it.I bought it for my wife and she is happy 😊.
                
 Battery life is not even one day backup
They will deliver defective product in my case charger was defective but they would simply refuse to do replacement and would ask you to visit apple service centre not showroom which is generally very far and also would ask for service denial letter from apple
The watch is really good. The UI experience is seamless. The readings also seem to be very accurate. A very useful gadget to have. However it may not suit everyone. I started getting hand pain whenever I used it, I couldn't even use it for more than an hour. This issue seems pretty common, so if you are sensitive to radiation, think before buying. But other than that, there was no issues in the product.
This watch is amazing. It's a great product and provide lots of features. Overall I am happy with this product.
Every day need to charge the watch. If I will compare with other brand watch battery life is very less. For me its big issue to charge every day.Otherwise working fine.
Sleep track is very useful.
Small companies are giving watches with battery life of 1 week. But apple is giving 1 day battery life. Go for 44mm if you want to buy it. Apple Watch is expensive. We can get at good price from normal prayers
                
 It’s been less than a month and this happened my Apple Watch is not charging at all .
Hi. I got a defective product. Apple Watch SE not charging at all.
Perfect heart rate tracking. Checked along with a pulseoxymeter and gave 1-2bpm off the reading. Distance tracking is accurate, unlocking other apple devices is so convenient as well as masked Face ID. Just one con, the battery is below average compared to other trackers. Need to charge every 24hrs on a 2 workout per day schedule. Amazing overall.
I bought this watch because I want to keep track of my time, calendar and reminders. I also bought this to meet my fitness goals. This apple watch is GPS only and works great even when I’m not on WiFi (out of house). It connects with my iPhone data.
Battery or the product is very bery bad, like 2-3k wale watches ki battery and features ish se jada hai . 😰
Goid
Great watch if you have an I phone. You will stop wearing the other watches, or if you do you will miss this one.
No watch
When brought it for the first time the product had manufacturing defect. So for that I contacted Apple care and amazon care and got it easily replaced. The replaced product is working fine. It has short battery life of about 1-1.5 day. Rest all the features are good and is worth a buy.
Got this watch less than a month a go, but already scratched badly for everyday wears.You MUST BUY SCREEN PROTECTOR right away since the moment you got the watch!!! don’t repeat my mistake. I thought for a watch in this price point, it has gorrila glazz, which is scratch proof!! such a disappointment.
Got it for 18k on Great Indian Festival sale…lol what else would you want…the watch is awesome just wait for the next sale till then dont buy…
If you are looking to buy for health monitoring purposes then dont buy because it only gives you Step Counter, heartbeat and nothing else.If u want to put down your phone then this can help as calling, Messaging all can be manage here so we dont need to pickup our phone and start doing unproductive activities.Con: There is no notification for Whatsapp Call.
Awesome. 40mm size is perfect for my wrist.Accurate health and activity tracking.Call feature is too good.Beautiful watch faces.Battery with low backup which I feel is the only downside.
Amazing Apple Watch SE. my kid enjoying a lot. Superb Performance at affordable cost.
GREAT PRODUCT FROM APPLE BATTERY STANDS FOR 1and half days .BY TURNING OF MOBILE DATA WE GET MORE BATTERY LIFE .EVERYTHING IS PERFECT AS APPLE ALWAYS MAKES THEIR PRODUCT WITH PROPER RND SO NO NEED TO WORRY U CAN GO FOR IT .NOTE:Only charging cable will he given adapter is not provided u have to use ur iPhone adapter or buy a new one .
Everything is fine except battery backupWe have to charge everyday unlike other android smart watches.Premium Look- Apple is Apple always 😀
                
 Good Looking , confortable, Performer Real Smart watch
Bought it during sale & got ₹5000 off. So worth it! Highly recommend it if you’re in the apple ecosystem!
While the dial is of Apple Watch SE (40 mm) the strap is of Apple Watch Series 7. So the strap doesn't fit well (41 mm). Packaging was also damaged. Amazon Customer Support was clueless and just asked me to contact Apple.
Thanks amazon for giving me this Apple Watch se in very reasonable price. Thank you
Awesome tech. Nothing to explain in words. Does the job without a problem. Battery lasts through the day.
No battery backup, it could be better, first 2days it's work good after feeling bad, i wish to return if i get a chance now,,
Really liked the product
Apple Watch SE is a good product except that battery has to be recharged 2 times a day requires a better battery back up
I was pretty confused b4 buying apple product from amazon but this delivery changed my mind completely..1)the packaging was very very good everything was sealed and in good condition2)the watch the best one in market totally valued for money3)great battery lifeOver all loved the amazing service by Amazon and the osum super fun watch by Apple
I am unable to charge this new I watch. Everytime its showing battery low and unable to charge. I am unable to connect with seller and amazon customer care is also not helping me.
Liked every bit of it. Been using it for months now, works perfectly
Use this product daily for recording exercises done , office wear etc. Works very well. Looks are good too.
One of the best smart match in the industry but bit costly. I bought through great Indian festival with the cost of 18K included all the discount.
Delivery was on time. And watch was perfect but it lacks in battery backup. Rest everything is perfect
There is no word to describe about apple watch series SE. it’s blazing fast all time as functionally. Look wise stunning and edges are super crafted by engineers. Watch OS have been delivering best features to use it. Battery Life is upto mark for now. Noise recognition needs to be improve much better to understand clearly.A big Wow after all and absolutely recommendable product.
Best in every possible way. Period.
With the card discounts and offers, it's pretty good. Recommended for IPhone users as this is the only watch which can be fully utilized in the limited ecosystem of Apple. Sad, but true.
Product is good and all the functionality in this price is satisfying. Only one issue is there that I did not got the power adapter and as well as the strap I received is not locking in perfectly. There is a chance that it might fall because of the strap
On connecting the charging wire given in the box, it's showing no sign of charging & even after plugging in charger for 45 min, still it shows the same message.
Shandar jabardast zindabad… jai ho apple maharaj ki🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
One of the best and affordable iWatch in the market!
The touch is not getting registered sometimes on some areas! It's completely random on random places on the screen! Probably a software bug.
Totally worth it.Helped me especially for1. Calls2. Weight loss
The display has a faint black mark if the screen is pure white.
Useful for fitness enthusiasts but costly if damaged. Buy with Apple Care plus
Love the features & design.
Package delivery was vedy poor
I just love it , its so reliable for daily use and its a series 6 with lack of always on display. Its superb and value for money.
Smart and powerful watch to have. Packaging was very good and delivered in just 1 day.5stars 🎉
3 months now. it keeps motivating me to move
first of all i was bit scary to buy such type of product online. but amazon is at its best. when i was searching for this product online and offline...there is a vast difference i get in price.....i little bit afraid to buy online....but after alomost one month usage of product....i totally recommended this product to buy from amazon....
Worth it!!!
The colour’s nice. The price is of course higher than non-apple smart watches. So depends on what phone you have and what you need.
Yes it is outdated as everyone knew but the price has to be below 20k. I suggest wait for the prices to drop if not don't buy this.
Good one
Thank you amazone for your great Indian festival deal.
Whatever people may say about ios once you have those products then only you will know the difference. Watch combined with ipad and iphone its beast. Battery life can be little bit more though
Pretty simple and way better than series 3.Has features similar to series 5 and 6 except ECG and blood oximeter and design same as series 4,5,6.If you are low on budget and want an apple smartwatch go for watch se.Works best with airpods.
Overall, not a good buy considering price tag of 30k. Don’t waste the money on this.
Best buy ever
Charge is getting down for one hour only even after charging it to 100 percent. I observed this for a week continuously. I think there might be some problem with battery of this device. Could you please check and replace the product immediately.
Can give you wrist pain even after you wear it over the wrist bone. Fitness wise is average. But it strikes good on notifications.
1. Battery is the worst. It dies even before a day.2. I get sms notifications which I have muted in my iPhone, I contacted apple care but they don’t know and don’t care.3. After 3 months, it stopped sending SMS, I contacted Apple care, they don't care. I visited apple service center, they don't care either.4. This is LTE version but you have to pay apple-music to listen to songs without your phone.5. There’s no practical use to this, only inbuilt apps are there which are of no use anyway.I don’t recommend this.6. I would advise you all not to waste so much money on this garbage.
It's very helpful for me to track sleep habits and locations.
Only problem is battery, it last only for one and half day. Still you get all the things.I  loving it.
Was looking for it and got with the best prime and deal :)
                
 Yeah basically apple products are awesome but I thought its not that useful I thought ofIf you are confused in iwatch or airpods proGo for airpods thy are much better thn watch….. by gourang
For tracking health
Amazing… Loved it!!!! ❤️❤️❤️
I brought for 18150 for the price is ok watch but not for 28 + try to grab in offer
Just go for it without any hesitation . Wait for sale and then go for it.It was delivered very safely without any scratch on it.
Worth it.
Amazing
Awesome product in awesome price thanks amazon
Great product. More features will work If you have apple device. If you are android user still you can buy but don't expect it to work same like in apple device.
Diffective product
Got it for a great deal
Awesome watch 🤟
Everything is accurate ❤️❤️
Good product
great deal.
Awesome
Amazing go for it
Best SmartWatch, but I think I have received some defective product.Battery while 100% charged... it is discharged within 1 hour. Now I have give  this gadget to Apple Authorized Service Centre for checking and analysis. I really don't know I will get replacement or anything else.... Guys plz stop buying from Amazon or any other online sellers, visit local branded shops like VS, n all....I am tense, as 30K rupees I have spent on this.....
Useful product
Absolutely a must buy if you want to shift to apple watch, connects well with the ecosystem.Looks and feel exactly like Apple watch 6 but with better battery performance.
Battery backup
Charge not lasting for a day.
Good
                
 Horrible experience: watch got delivered on 2nd May while the battery drains out in few minutes after full charging from the day one. Pathetic apple care support online and at the store while Amazon takes zero accountability! Had annoying experience of visiting planet care at Mysore and Bangalore while they have no integration within apple. Moreover, I was told to upgrade the software versions but no respite till date! Will never recommend to buy apple products from Amazon !!
Simply Awesome, no doubt best to invest. Finishing is very beautiful & performance is just amazing and surprising battery life although having such amazing display.
This is my first smart watch and i loved it! I would suggest to go for 44mm for gents! My wrist would have a size around 6inches and 40mm looks just perfect but anyone with bigger wrist would feel 40mm as too small. I didn’t find any negatives to point out.
In love with this watch
Battery life one day only
So happy
Wow!! It’s cool !!I’m left handed and wear my watch on the right wrist. I was amazed that the watch catered to my needs so beautifully right from the initial setup.To improve: What’s app and YouTube feature
Amazing!
Apple Watch is best Watch for everyone ,  battery life is very good of Apple Watch  , and all app work in Apple Watch is very good
Strap broken and does not fit to the watch
cheap and best
Best Apple Watch in this segment and price range wise is the better one including cellular thickness is one of the best design.
Worth every penny. 44 mm will be apt for men, I purchased 40mm which I feel to be bit small in my hand.Performance, screen overall excellent.
I have bought Apple Watch from Amazon today and while assembling I have found that strap is defective and I tried for replacement as it comes with 10 days replacement, Amazon redirected me to apple. Apple online support asked me to visit store. Some how I tried and connected to Amazon customer care however they contentiously told me that Amazon have such arrangement with apple and told me that same is mentioned on product purchase page. Even after asking multiple times, the team is not able to show me this condition. Very frustrating to get a defective product and customer care like this. I have to go to the store then what is the point of buying product online.PLEASE DONT BUY APPLE PRODUCTS FROM AMAZON
Good seller
worth buying fit perfect
It’s apple, thanks Amazon, I had prebooked it on flipkart but flipkart failed to deliver on time, booked it on Amazon, got next day delivery. You guys are really doing great. Keep it up.
Great product for fitness tracking. UI is very smooth. With other health features not active on series 6 also. SE is as good as 5 or 6 except AOD feature.
                
Well everyone will tell you that it only lacks ecg, blood oxygen and always on display but they won’t tell you that it will also not come with watch faces which is on the newer generations, also compared to series 7 it’s display is little smaller and not edge to edge so moving forward since the launch of series 7 upcoming generations will also look completely different than se, so it is a big deal for few people if you think about it but than again it is a budget watch so it is natural to expect such concerning events with it, although i must admit it has everything that a new guy would want for his apple experience so no complaints in that matter, it does everything fine and it is smooth as well, but please make sure to do your set of research before buying!
Good
Good
Ok
Awesome
All good as of noww
Any apple product is always top-class.
Very well done by apple
                
 it’s Amazing I wacth SE Love It Good Product i have bay white colour ❤️
Good
Great watch, got it in just 2 days delivery, Satisfied customer👍🏼
Good
So far so good
                
 My wrist size is 6inch, 40mm is perfect for me✌️
Good quality
Super
All most good 😍😍😍 it is so portable as well as soft straps I bought it is so good thank you
Awesome watch
The watch delivered to me was defective. I was unable to attach both the bands to the watch. The band didn’t lock in the centre it kept sliding from one side to the other.
Genuine & Classy
Arrived as described. Apple product, nothing more need be said.
Good product it show’s very good performance buy it ❤️❤️❤️👌👍🏻
Good for those who cant afford series 6
Sorry to say but its true
If you are taller than 5feet go for 44mm, trust me 40mm is very small. Looks like a kids watch. I just got the delivery and after charging it to 100%, the battery is falling way faster. If you dont use the screen much, it might last longer.If you want to buy the 40mm, it would be better if this is for your parents or kids just to track their health. If you want to buy for yourself, go with 44mm.I will update the review about the sleep tracking, swimming and workouts after few months.
Awesome product very smooth screen good battery capability
Wrong product description
Below average accuracy of run tracking.
THIS IS THE BEST DEAL YOU CAN GET ,SE IS THE BEST VALUE BUDGET IWATCH, just BUY IT !!
Amezing
Just slip from hand, the glass is broken, I don't know what kind of warrant Amazon giving
Works excellent & gives almost every feature of Apple Watch 6 at a considerably lower price.
Awesome 🤩 article
Awesome watch
40mm size is smaller than any watch.. not looking like apple watch
Nice budgeted watch
As always Apple does its best to manufacture the world-class products. Love using it.
The watch delivered to me was defective. I was unable to attach one of the bands to the watch. The band didn’t lock in the centre it kept sliding from one side to the other. I have requested a return and refund which is yet to be processed. Amazon customer care has been responsive to the concern. However not happy with Apple. This is not the product quality we expect from Apple.
Like it
                
Good product
Awesome.Awesome.awesome👍😊👍😊👍👍
                
 I love it ❤️
Nice experienceI could not expectThe packing was mind blowing.
I bought this watch from Amazon and they delivered defective product to me. Only one piece of straps was locking to watch others were not locking at all, I contacted apple and after try all trubleshooting they accepted that there might be problem in band and they asked me to visit their service center which is 57 km from my place and because of covid restrictions I can't travel by public transport. I explained the issue to them but they refused to help me.Also, when I contact Amazon they told that they can't help me as they are bound with apple's terms.This watch is useless for me. I will never purchase any apple product from Amazon.
Excellent 👌
Must buy for Ios users
Design and shape are good .. performance is poor especially the battery back up .. its not worth for the money we spend
Nice
Good build quality and recommended for Apple watch in budget range
Gets charged pretty fast.
                
Some cheap duplicate and damaged product is delivered… it’s better to buy from Apple store…
Awesome 👍
                
 This is just amazing!My first smartwatch and worth every penny! Battery takes around an hour and half to fully charge
I want to cancel my product. Not working
Awsm
                
 Call quality best &all over good performance crown dialer awesome such a great  smart  watch  in a market apple wow
Nice
Just awesome speechless
Super  watch
Bestestestest ever from Apple 😍🔥🔥
Received a damaged product with black spot on the screen and Amazon app connected to bapple customer care and after 4 hours telephone conversation with Amazon customer service and Apple support finaly with long fight we Got replacement of the watch I suggest not to buy with Amazon need to buy in apple out let and Amazon customer care Representative can't understand the problem they are saying can't replace the product need to get verified with Apple out let and bring the receipt for replacement  we tryed to say the problem but they are not understand the situation
                
 Really like this . Value for money.
Lovely but battery issue
Nyc
                
 I liked the watch.I knew the features of Apple Watch. The only fear was will I get an original product. Which I did. The watch is really nice and durable. But the charger stopped working within a month. And I am not able to get in touch with the seller. Amazon is of no help in this.
Great no complain
                
 I have purchased this watch it was performing good for 2 days but within a few days it started getting heating issues and stuck issues.The product even can’t returned and there is no solution for the issues and now my 25k is been wasted by Amazon.I really appreciate Amazon for this wonderful product for ruining my life.
Good
New watch-Charging wire not working from the time of opening the box
Horrible product don’t buy any Apple Watch I bought two one for my mom and one for myself none of them working. Called apple several times they don’t help . Visited centre also there is no cellular feature just a gimmick. Please don’t waste money
My wife is very happy ! And now she is easy to reach out. Fabulous super great word word word
I have bought this and it is having compatible issues with my iPhone, the amazon is not all giving a chance to talk with amazon customer care and apple is not accepting the return of the product according to the rules of there's in India. Only buy this product if someone already bought this product and working fine with your iPhone
Apple watch is not common lick Android watch we are very disopinted.Costumer are requested to not buy Apple watch.plz take Android watch is more reliable and easy to use.And also disopinted with Amazon i am unhappy I can't not return this watch.
Screen cracked after 2 weeks. Apple said no repair is possible and you need to get a replacement for the full amount. 20k wasted.
Very comfortable and very accurate trackingApple is an apple💥They might have an bitten apple in their logoBut they provide the products with full apple🤘
This is not working even after charging. We want to replace it
Got a defective watch from Amazon in Great Indian Sale, which they refused to return or replace.They asked me to visit apple service centre and said amazon can’t do anything about it . Worst experience!!
Please donot buy apple products from amazon. I bought iwatch and have got battery problem
I'm not even able to start first time this watch as I'm using I phone 6 but the watch is useless product it is mandatory require Latest I phone to paring and found this is useless product by Apple or else buy new I phone.
Only after 10 weeks of use, watch is shutdown permanently. Was in touch with tech support team of Apple. They just thrown the issue casually here and there giving foolish reasons and solution. Now watch is stopped and not able to start. Don’t know whom to contact. Legal advice??
If you choose the "gold" please be aware that it's not the pale champagne gold of earlier Apple Watches but a pinkish, copper colour. I didn't realise this and am now stuck with this piece.
Battery drains very quickly I want to return it but  return option not available poor performance waste of money
Excellent watch and fully satisfied with the product..value for money.. awesome look of the watch and more importantly satisfied with the performance of the watch.
functions of watch are working properly as expected.larger screen and good UIApp is goodoverall product is good
Amazon didn’t take the watch back even when it had a manufacturing defect and now I am stuck dealing directly with apple
                
 Poor accuracy. It measures my bedsheet heart rate see in the video I attached
Battery get discharged frequently and needs frequent  charging
Not worth of money at this price range  and gps is so hang and not good and the gps cliyarty is ok ok
Fraud,scam,they are sending defective pieces and not accepting return request
I want replacement
battery backup hardly one day
waste of money
Worst battery.
Received the product today and have applied for return, as the straps didn’t fit in the case. Both the case and straps have manufacturing defect.
Very good product must buy it works very fine with my iPhone 13 pro max 1 TB Varient very good
                
I cant open any apps like apple store .And i can only open calculator that also not working properly
Belt not fitting properly
Fake watch delivered
Very bad
Here are some findings after using the product for over 7 months now.Battery- Easily lasts for 2 days with 5% still to spare. Mind you I had done a 5Km walk climbed multiple stairs in these two days.Call & Voice- very easy to hear and crisp voice when used as a handsfree, very useful while drivingFunction- vibrations and alert monitoring to change of HR, alert for time for meditation, alarms, and stopwatches worked like breeze. Calculate exact footsteps, unlike MI, Fitbit, and Honor bands. Calculates exact standing and calorie count. Sends out an alert in case of medical emergencies and cardiac fibrillation. Music and call control are a breeze. Use of haptics and message reply handsfree is way too easy.Would highly recommend it.
Everything is price,product, delivery etc all is very best..good job Amzon.👌I like both products and Amzon offer, service… thank u
Beware! received duplicate watch. Returned immediately.
Need big 44 mm
Worst product . Pls don’t buy
Liked it very much !!  Track health activities, timer, sleep tracking, heart monitoring and calls and office notifications.. everything will amaze you !!!
Every thing is good!!the only issue is peysa-_- and also people will judge you by looking at your hand so be ready for it.
                
 Apple watch se is the most value for money product according to me compared to series 6 which has additional ecg and blood oxygen measurements apart from that both are same to me. I like the screen very much. Watch is quite fast but battery is not much as i expected. It is lasting for 24 hours to me for my daily use( morning workout, calls, messages)
I honestly don't recommend buying any of Apple Products from Amazon or from Appario Retail, This was my 1st time buying an Apple Device from online and I suppose it will be my biggest regrets for the rest of my life as I have spent 32K on a watch which is One Year Old, Hangs in every 1-2 Days, Sometimes Digital Crown/Back Button Doesn't Work, If I use screen guard the Display won't respond, I am & will be an Apple Fan but I am never going to repeat this mistake again.Guys either go to Apple Store or look for Authorized Apple Reseller like Reliance Digital, As the saying goes 'it's better to be safe than sorry'.
Apple watch SE is a very capabale fitness device,because all of its sensors are very accurate and also as a smartwatch the SE is very impressive to say the least. So both these factors make it the best smartwatch if you own an iphone.
Was doubtful on this product but then it turned out to be the best for the price! Just go for it guys it’s worth it !
this is amazing watch, if you have iphone than worth to buy it. please note you cannot use it with android.I was lucky to buy it a day before even sale kick off at just 18150/- Only being a Prime Member.
Watch se .Fell in love with the watch on the launch day itself . I had no idea what to expect hence whatever i felt was a bonus.The watch tells me the time, asks me to stand up, wash my hand, notifies me about my messages, lets me answer to the calls without the phone by my side, has beautiful watch faces, helps me track activity goals... etc etcI am happy. Love to rose gold dial and sand pink belt. Very comfortable.Price .. yes bit pricy ..
The product is genuine and excellent. Purchased it with a lot of confusion whether or not to purchase this pro online. But , I would suggest go for it. The product is awesome and genuine
Perfect size for my wrist, decent battery life, premium look, value for money, in Love with the product , go for se its more than enough for those who are confused about series 6 and se
Good and awesome product value for money,comfortable, stylish and easy to wear. Touch screen quality is good and connectivity with mobile is good.
Very very great for the price. The se is just so affordable and does our jobs done, It’s a great watch.
Cellular model is extremely handy and worth going for, else u need to carry ur mobile for workouts.For the features offered battery life lasts one full day.
It’s really good and I don’t buy it from Amazon because Amazon don’t give better quality and don’t buy it from Amazon
Great watch , go for it
Broken within two weeks … customer care asking 35 k to repair it (actual cost 30k only) .. they are selling a scam… functionality wise a good product.. but repairablity -ve 100
Microphone not working and no refund/replacement option is being provided by amazon . Completely dissapointed with amazon . Amazon should look into it
Slow performance and hanging no able toHey help so please help if not we  g f jetking g h
Not a watch..too fragile and gets easily outdated, also you need to charge this daily.more like a gadget that is prone to breaking
First of all I want to tell you that when I order I was little bit scare because of fraud but when I received I take a breath that’s I received a genuine product 😍 and the apple watch are too good I purchased this 23k from sale
Got the watch for 19900 on great Indian festival sale. Simply amazing. It’s worth the price. Lasts long provides great feedback on workouts and allows so many other things like texting calling. This is a 40 mm dial which I wanted because it’s compact.
If you want smart watch buy apple watch only coz this is gives original feel
I thought about buying watch 6 but later decided to go with SE and it has not at all disappointed me, one of the best apple product
Nice product
excellent watch...
Good looking... Battery as usual has apple pattern... Need to charge daily
                
I like it’s perfect too much.  Just superb in every functional
Excellent , no need to mention
                
 well i took in dasara sale so i got it for less price than ever around 18k so happy for this best watch and worth the price and its genuine watch no fraud in this watch and well packed product buttery smooth user interface
Not worth at buying at 30K but got good deal at below 20K
It is completely Value for money when you buy it when on sale.I got this product for 18k and at this price i cannot ask for anything more
                
 Apple watch SE is a Classy watch, Display n built Quality is really good only con is 40mm display too small and always on display functionality is missingAlso Amazon service is really Good Thanks!
❤️‍🔥
Amazing value for money, beautiful finish, golden color looks amazing with pink sand strap. Battery life is good lasts almost 30 hours.
This purchase was for my wife who is fond of all apple products. It looks nice in appearance. We thought it's white but in appearance we found it's off white or cream colour band. Since my wife liked it. We retained it. Very easy to fit in.
Amazing watch
Got it for 18K. Good for activity tracking.  Battery could have been better. Daily charging is bit irritating. Tried some tips on utube to get some more backup.
I got 40mm during the sales but regret doing that purchase. 40 mm was too small for me. For true Apple watch experience and looks, do go for 44mm.For women, I would suggest 40mm because that will fit perfect for smaller wrists.
The best watch you can ever get. This is my first ever watch in my life and have no regrets. You can trust the Brand. It helps me track my fitness, my walking, Running and my heartbeat. Have calling feature too. Just one word "PERFECT"!
Value for money and got it at very low price.
Awesome watch. Simply go for it, the best in the market!
Purchased it during the sale for 20k. This is ideal price in my opinion. I was using Apple watch series 3 before and I am happy with this purchase.Its so much faster, has better screen, better battery and offers better features.
I purchased 2 of them during GREAT INDIAN FESTIVAL 2021. Awesome purchase and discount.
battery drains fastly.
Original apple product!Great dealSome features missing like always on display…But it doesn’t matterStill It’s a powerful device from apple
Apart from battery life, this is just awesome
Everything is Good . Must buy product ! Packaging is great ! Very Safe !Do not buy Cellular Version in SE variant ..it drains battery life….GPS Model is only perfect for SE edition.And also do not waste money in Series 5/6/7It has only three extra features like AOD,ECG,Blood Oxygen !
Sync with i phone is amazing.It helps me to reduce phone screen time.Monitor health and fitnessNotifications management is good.Got it at ₹18100
Brought this Apple Watch SE for my wife as B’day Gift in this Amazon sale.A perfect Smart watch for gifting.Gold looks awesome, women loves this colour.
Packaging was perfect and product is soo much useful
                
 Very good looking watch 5/5🍎 watch 😍/royal look/easy to use/accurate/
Excellent! Thank you amazon!
I didn’t plan to buy SE, I was eying for Series 3 on Flipkart in Big Billion Days. But when the price for Watch SE dropped on Amazon to INR 19990, I did not take any second to buy it. There are various pros of SE over series 3 and trust me this is the ideal watch for most of us. Reviews and other pros and cons can be found on Youtube.
Fast delivery and genuine product, 100% satisfied.
Good
They should Atleast Give New Type c Cable But i think They just send the old stock Facing Problem Cz I Have to Use another charger for this watch Would b good If Type C Cable Included
Fast delivery and genuine product, 100% satisfied.
gifted this to my wife. She liked the design and features
Worth for money. Does it’s work.Thing which I want to highlight is straps not good it won’t fit perfect.
Yet another one in bucket good job by apprio retail superb packing and delivery on time. Original made for sure delivered. Good grab for the festive season and price was exceptional. Will wait for a year for the next upgrade.
A perfect gift for yourself to scale up your fitness journey. It came with two different sized belts which was a pleasant surprise. Love the touch and the features so far.
I was lucky to buy it a day before even sale kick off at just 18150/- Only being a Prime Member.What is this watch now doing for me :1. Giving me accurate heart rate2. Cycle tracking3. Excercise tracking4. Ask me time to time to stand and breath.5. Ask me to wash at least for 20 second.6. Also I got my second password authentication using this watch7 emails sms and callsAnd many more features
No issues yet! Works the best! Worth it's price and value for money!! Must go👍👍
I have received product yesterday . Everything is good received original product it's value for money and .no far issues with watch so will give an  review after using it for a while
I am very much satisfied with the product & Amazon quick delivery
Excellent working go for it try to get in sale so you will get at lesser price and you will save some money
No other option in market who could compete with Apple whether its about Phone, ipad or smart watches. SE is a best buy in the price range
Not able to connect with iphone 6s plus
Daily use watch with 18 hours battery life. Best companion for iPhone. Thanks to Amazon for best deal in market!
A brand which can make satisfy dts the brand apple.Love this brand alwaysGood looksFit for hand
Got it in 18 k during amazon great indian sale early prime access .This is first smart watch and I like it lot.Its super purchase.Good battery backup.
Mass 🔥🔥🔥
Was hesitant to order such expensive watch online kept fingers crossed until i received. Product was genuine and in good condition.
Beautiful
Got this for 18000/- with my discount .was never thinking for this but the price made me think .The Watch is superb and let’s u connect with the whole apple ecosystem if u have AirPods/mac/watch.A must buy
I bought this during the Great Indian Festival. After one month of usage I have to say I am satisfied. The interface is good with an exceptional battery life. A fully charged battery would last for a day and a half. Anyway the purchase was worth the price.
Packing, product, everything  is good. Thank u Amazon.
It is perfect for my wrist, Each and every feature is awesome.display, touch is good.GPS, heart monitoring, tracking all the features are accurate.Unlock phone with watch feature is very useful for iPhone if you are wearing mask.
Great watch. I bought 40mm watch, but gents will need 44mm. I have purchased Spigen rubber case to offset the small size plus the safety.Otherwise, the watch is sleek, smooth, no lags, great workout partner leaving the phone behind.You can opt for Apple Music and download songs on Watch while charging for offline use when Phone is away. ESim constraints in India made my purchase easy with no Confusion.Loved it finally.
Best in class best in smart watch
                
 Best watch to buy midrange between watch 3 and 6
User friendly
My daily workout
Love every thing about it …
Got this watch at 18250 in the Great India sale and is perfect watch for all your needs.Pros:Fast and quickEasy to useTop quality20 sec handwash detectWaterproofSeveral workouts supportCons:40mm dial is smallNo ecg, spo2No qwerty keypadFew apps supportLock is very annoyingSoftware could be more improved
Satisfied with the performance
Super watch
User friendly
                
Great buy
Got this one in the Indian sale for 18K. Worth the price. Same as watch 6 except the always on display and ecg which I don’t need. Great product.
Authentic product. Always a nice delivery experience with Appario retail.
It’s Apple Watch meet all expectations. Except battery life. In this price range it’s perfect. And better than series 3
