
I basically wear g-shocks exclusively, unless I’m dressing up, so I don’t like small watches. I’ve always hated the small and almost feminine look of Apple watches until now. Now the price point is probably the only set back on this thing but it definitely feels like a better quality watch than any other series I’ve seen. My girlfriend just bought the new series 8 and that thing feels cheap to me.
The large face on the ultra actually makes it possible for me to use it and the battery life is great. I had this thing on for 12 hours the first day and my battery was at 74% when I took it off (straight out of the box, never charged). The action button is a neat add-on and the white ocean band seems to be top-notch quality. It is very secure on your wrist and that’s good for me because I don’t like when a watch is constant sliding around while your doing stuff throughout the day. It’s also comfortable, so snagging your arm hairs or anything and I went to the gym with no issues whatsoever.
If you are super outdoorsy, I would definitely recommend looking at Garmin before buying this. Garmin battery life is usually at least a few weeks on a single charge with very similar features. For an extra $100, going Garmin will get you a very comparable device with like 28+ days of battery per charge and also offer solar charging. I only went with Apple for the flawless compatibility between the devices and maybe for a little extra flash. If you’re looking for a hardcore rugged lifestyle watch, Garmin is probably the better brand for you. The Apple Watch Ultra is very robust for an Apple product but I wouldn’t recommend spending the money if $799 is going to be a stretch for you. Side by side with the series 8, there’s not really $400ish in differences, more build-quality than anything else. I only did it because I had a device to trade in and a $100 gift card, otherwise I just don’t know if I would have pulled the trigger. Overall, very solid product and I don’t have any legitimate complaints thus far.Finally an Apple Watch for me. I love the Apple ecosystem and have had an Apple Watch since the first one was announced. My main gripe about the previous Apple Watch versions was that they were too small. I’m a big guy 6’6” and 275 lbs and a 44mm Apple Watch looked tiny on my wrist. When I put the Apple Watch ultra on I finally felt like it was a perfect fit. It doesn’t feel heavy and has a great look. The battery life is the best yet. If you like the look of a bigger watch and are willing to pay more for it you won’t be disappointed.So far I love this watch. I’ve literally been waiting for this watch since the day the smart watch was ever first thought about. I thought it might have been too large at first, but after a few days, it feels like any other traditional watch I’ve owned of a similar weight, maybe a little more comfortable. I was worried it might dig into the top of my wrist when my hand was flat on a surface, but no problem. No issues wearing it to bed either. I do think they clould have given you at least 2 bands though. The diver band isn’t terrible, but not the one I’d want to wear all the time.I’d have to say awesome watch! I’ve had every watch since the first one and I must say what I paid for this one I am very pleased with the quality. Paired it to my phone and was done ready to use. I don’t use it for diving but I use the other features. The only draw back is the band. If you have a bigger wrist I recommend buying another band like the green one.Love this watch! It takes a little getting used to due to the size of it, but I wouldn’t go back to a regular Apple Watch after having the Ultra for several days. I had purchased the stainless steel 8 series and really liked it and couldn’t decide if I should get the Ultra. I happen to find one available in store so picked it up and fell in love! It doesn’t look as big in person as it does in photos. I get 2 days out of a charge!I absolutely love this watch! The charge on it lasts at least two days and that’s with me doing 1 to 1.5 hours of exercising a day! The screen size is wonderful and when I need to text on it the letters are bigger due to a larger screen and so much easier to type. Out of all versions this one by far is my absolute favorite! Highly recommend!It’s not a dress watch. It’s a sports watch and if you are used to rugged watches thats all you need. The battery life is great and if you’re unhappy with the one color just buy a bumper case at best buy. My favorite watch so far. I’m even tracking my sleep with it and love the new sleep feature. By the way it’s about twice as heavy as the Apple Watch 7 45 mm.If you like a bigger, brighter screen with awesome battery life, this watch is for you.  Upgraded from the series 6 and it was well worth the upgrade.  This watch oozes quality and craftsmanship.  Didn't prefer the default band that came with the watch and got the Nomad sport band in its place.Amazing Apple Watch. Upgrading from my series 6 stainless steel gold and the best difference was the size and battery life. I do miss the gold but this watch paired with classic silver link band is unbeatable and classicHaving tested my Apple Watch Ultra for a few day’s, I"ve noticed something shocking – it does feel as exclusive as Apple's initial video presentation might have you believe. It's correct to say the Apple Watch Ultra isn't for everyone. And yet, I'm more than comfortable recommending it to the 99% of the people in the world who don't ocean dive, climb mountains, or whatever else hardcore athletes and other adventurers do regularly.I have the 7 45mm, I always want the new electronics. The ultra battery life is so much better, and it reads my heart beat consistently on my non dominant hand that has a sleeve tattoo compared to the 7.Apple Watch ultra! Love the size, function and battery life. Had to order the white band due to the others not available. Just order another watch band and swap it on. They all fit from the previous watches.Took it scuba diving to 28 meters deep. It works great and the screen was the clearest and brightest when compared to Shearwater and Suunto. Wish the Oceanic+ app was ready. The band stays in place much better than the band on a Suunto dive computer.Fantastic screen, chunky build that might be too much for smaller wrists. Looks good with older Apple watch bands. Battery life maybe 50% better than series 7.I have had several Apple Watches out the years .. series 1, 3, 5 and 7. This is favorite. The band is comfy. It’s bigger. Nice looking. Fun. Favorite so far.I am extremely impressed by the way it looks, but the band is very small, a little bit longer would make it perfect. The Watch Ultra also fits the previous gen bands.Love the new Ultra, but I will say the battery life is not quite what I expected.  I thought i'd get days [possibly up to three] with the new battery life, but I'm barely getting two days.  So if you are upgrading for battery life, 'not so much'.  It is bigger than the Nike series 4 I replaced it with, but I do love the bigger screen and the extra function button.This is my first titanium and stainless steel watch. Its heavier than I expected. Ive always gone with the aluminum casing variants in the past.Premium product for a premium price. Love the rugged built and the watch just looks amazing.Bought for my wife whose an Apple Finatic, she didn’t know she wanted until she got it, now she loves it..
I basically wear g-shocks exclusively, unless I’m dressing up, so I don’t like small watches. I’ve always hated the small and almost feminine look of Apple watches until now. Now the price point is probably the only set back on this thing but it definitely feels like a better quality watch than any other series I’ve seen. My girlfriend just bought the new series 8 and that thing feels cheap to me.
The large face on the ultra actually makes it possible for me to use it and the battery life is great. I had this thing on for 12 hours the first day and my battery was at 74% when I took it off (straight out of the box, never charged). The action button is a neat add-on and the white ocean band seems to be top-notch quality. It is very secure on your wrist and that’s good for me because I don’t like when a watch is constant sliding around while your doing stuff throughout the day. It’s also comfortable, so snagging your arm hairs or anything and I went to the gym with no issues whatsoever.
If you are super outdoorsy, I would definitely recommend looking at Garmin before buying this. Garmin battery life is usually at least a few weeks on a single charge with very similar features. For an extra $100, going Garmin will get you a very comparable device with like 28+ days of battery per charge and also offer solar charging. I only went with Apple for the flawless compatibility between the devices and maybe for a little extra flash. If you’re looking for a hardcore rugged lifestyle watch, Garmin is probably the better brand for you. The Apple Watch Ultra is very robust for an Apple product but I wouldn’t recommend spending the money if $799 is going to be a stretch for you. Side by side with the series 8, there’s not really $400ish in differences, more build-quality than anything else. I only did it because I had a device to trade in and a $100 gift card, otherwise I just don’t know if I would have pulled the trigger. Overall, very solid product and I don’t have any legitimate complaints thus far.Finally an Apple Watch for me. I love the Apple ecosystem and have had an Apple Watch since the first one was announced. My main gripe about the previous Apple Watch versions was that they were too small. I’m a big guy 6’6” and 275 lbs and a 44mm Apple Watch looked tiny on my wrist. When I put the Apple Watch ultra on I finally felt like it was a perfect fit. It doesn’t feel heavy and has a great look. The battery life is the best yet. If you like the look of a bigger watch and are willing to pay more for it you won’t be disappointed.So far I love this watch. I’ve literally been waiting for this watch since the day the smart watch was ever first thought about. I thought it might have been too large at first, but after a few days, it feels like any other traditional watch I’ve owned of a similar weight, maybe a little more comfortable. I was worried it might dig into the top of my wrist when my hand was flat on a surface, but no problem. No issues wearing it to bed either. I do think they clould have given you at least 2 bands though. The diver band isn’t terrible, but not the one I’d want to wear all the time.I’d have to say awesome watch! I’ve had every watch since the first one and I must say what I paid for this one I am very pleased with the quality. Paired it to my phone and was done ready to use. I don’t use it for diving but I use the other features. The only draw back is the band. If you have a bigger wrist I recommend buying another band like the green one.Love this watch! It takes a little getting used to due to the size of it, but I wouldn’t go back to a regular Apple Watch after having the Ultra for several days. I had purchased the stainless steel 8 series and really liked it and couldn’t decide if I should get the Ultra. I happen to find one available in store so picked it up and fell in love! It doesn’t look as big in person as it does in photos. I get 2 days out of a charge!I absolutely love this watch! The charge on it lasts at least two days and that’s with me doing 1 to 1.5 hours of exercising a day! The screen size is wonderful and when I need to text on it the letters are bigger due to a larger screen and so much easier to type. Out of all versions this one by far is my absolute favorite! Highly recommend!It’s not a dress watch. It’s a sports watch and if you are used to rugged watches thats all you need. The battery life is great and if you’re unhappy with the one color just buy a bumper case at best buy. My favorite watch so far. I’m even tracking my sleep with it and love the new sleep feature. By the way it’s about twice as heavy as the Apple Watch 7 45 mm.If you like a bigger, brighter screen with awesome battery life, this watch is for you.  Upgraded from the series 6 and it was well worth the upgrade.  This watch oozes quality and craftsmanship.  Didn't prefer the default band that came with the watch and got the Nomad sport band in its place.Amazing Apple Watch. Upgrading from my series 6 stainless steel gold and the best difference was the size and battery life. I do miss the gold but this watch paired with classic silver link band is unbeatable and classicHaving tested my Apple Watch Ultra for a few day’s, I"ve noticed something shocking – it does feel as exclusive as Apple's initial video presentation might have you believe. It's correct to say the Apple Watch Ultra isn't for everyone. And yet, I'm more than comfortable recommending it to the 99% of the people in the world who don't ocean dive, climb mountains, or whatever else hardcore athletes and other adventurers do regularly.I have the 7 45mm, I always want the new electronics. The ultra battery life is so much better, and it reads my heart beat consistently on my non dominant hand that has a sleeve tattoo compared to the 7.Apple Watch ultra! Love the size, function and battery life. Had to order the white band due to the others not available. Just order another watch band and swap it on. They all fit from the previous watches.Took it scuba diving to 28 meters deep. It works great and the screen was the clearest and brightest when compared to Shearwater and Suunto. Wish the Oceanic+ app was ready. The band stays in place much better than the band on a Suunto dive computer.Fantastic screen, chunky build that might be too much for smaller wrists. Looks good with older Apple watch bands. Battery life maybe 50% better than series 7.I have had several Apple Watches out the years .. series 1, 3, 5 and 7. This is favorite. The band is comfy. It’s bigger. Nice looking. Fun. Favorite so far.I am extremely impressed by the way it looks, but the band is very small, a little bit longer would make it perfect. The Watch Ultra also fits the previous gen bands.Love the new Ultra, but I will say the battery life is not quite what I expected.  I thought i'd get days [possibly up to three] with the new battery life, but I'm barely getting two days.  So if you are upgrading for battery life, 'not so much'.  It is bigger than the Nike series 4 I replaced it with, but I do love the bigger screen and the extra function button.This is my first titanium and stainless steel watch. Its heavier than I expected. Ive always gone with the aluminum casing variants in the past.Premium product for a premium price. Love the rugged built and the watch just looks amazing.Bought for my wife whose an Apple Finatic, she didn’t know she wanted until she got it, now she loves it..
Beauty!                                             
!Love the watch so glad I invested the $800. It was well worth it and I will do it again.It is the first watch I have owned that doesn't irritate my skin and the battery last for days!!!Looks very nice in my wrist!!!! The ultra watch  indeed!!Great watch with a ton of gadgets and gizmos a plentyLove the long battery live on the apple watch ultra.2-3 days of battery, 49mm,dual GPS,dust,water resistanceAmazing watch . Nice design and incledible features.Battery power is strong and enough for daily life.I’m a petite woman but ventured into buying this 49mm Ultra with the Ocean yellow band. I’ve always bought the Apple Watch in 44mm from the 1 series to the 6 series since I like big faces so it’s easier to read. The Ultra was a bit larger but it wasn’t that large for me IMO. Best part is I can switch and use my 44mm bracelets with the Ultra. I wear it daily even in my sleep to test the battery and so far, I’ve had two days of battery life. I like the siren feature the best. Also, I’m not into scuba or extreme sports. You can say I wear it casually everyday. In lieu of getting the iPhone 14 Pro Max, I decided to get me the Ultra.Ive had many iterations of  watches over the years, but this one really stood out and became my all time favorite. I love how￼ reliable, powerful, resistant and efficient it is. I do have small wrist, yet I’m totally fine wearing it as is. Lastly, it is awesome that they kept compatibility with previous watch bands as I have dozens of them! Look no further, youll be impressed!The Apple Watch Ultra, at $799, is the same price as the 45mm Stainless Steel (42mm is $749).  While the price is the same, from owning three SS Apple Watches, the Ultra is the best value them all.  What is not often mentioned in review here, or elsewhere, is while the 49mm is not much larger than the 45mm, what makes it even better is the glass is flat from edge-to-edge, rather than curved towards the edges as on all other previous models.  This allows for a better user experience overall, in my use. - - Battery life is incredible, screen bright, speakers / microphones sound good, and callers agree. - -  I got the yellow marine band, and it is not difficult to use, as some would claim.  Simply attach the band holder in place once, and then it acts like a regular watch band after, tucking the extra band into the titanium holder which has already been placed the initial use. - - I love the unique face for the Ultra, and every single detail of the watch, making this my favorite Apple Watch of all the ones I have used previously. - - I wear it everyday, dressed up with a $39.99 metal bracelet band I purchased at Best Buy, and dressed down with a leather band and the Marine Band included.  I get compliments always (though not why I wear a watch), and keep it on from the moment I get up, until I sleep.  Apple killed it with the UltraThis watch checks all the boxes I have been wanting since my first Apple Watch. I use my watch a lot. I am (T1D) Type 1 Diabetic so I monitor my blood sugar with a Dexcom G6 which shows on my watch face. I monitor my exercise with the rings on my watch face. And I monitor the watch battery on my watch face, which has been so important in the past because I needed to charge the watch twice a day so if something happened and I was called away I could get back to a charger before I lost power. This watch is doing more with heart and blood monitors and I can go 2 days without charging and still have power. I have a thin wrist but it looks and feels great, By the way I walk in the dark a lot so I have the flashlight connected to the special button on the left. This light is actually helpful. It is really bright. I also appreciate the fall alert protection as I am older and see that my balance is not all it used to be. I recommend this watch very highly. Also, I am using the phone with my watch most of the time. I am hard of hearing but I can still understand a phone call with this watch even with my motorcycle helmet on. The call is clear on both ends. I do pull over before I answer the call.Overall. I’ve owned and used multiple Apple Watches from the very first one, right up to the newest model, and this one is brilliant!  
If you’ve ever thought about an Apple Watch, (and hopefully are a man or tall/sporty woman), drop everything and get yourself into a store and pick this up!  It’s truly a game changer!  Now, I’m keeping my previous model for dressing up and/or meetings, but everyday wear, this kicks it!  
You’ve got a couple of weeks to evaluate and decide for yourself, but if you’re anything like me (a motorcyclist, private pilot, skier, scuba diver…), and need a top flight wrist product, this one is it.  Is it perfect, no… but it’s a major step in the right direction!  
I’m very satisfied with it and will enjoy using it everyday.  As a side comment, I own quite a few high end timepieces, and while not nearly as decretive, on my wrist… it’s far more functional overall!Yes it’s expensive, but I love this watch. Never had an Apple Watch because I heard terrible things about battery life. I am a believer in this one, after a short time using it. Lasts three to four days with average usage. It is a tool watch, meaning it can be used for many purposes in a variety of circumstances. You need an iPhone to set it up, but then you can leave the phone at home and have this make and receive calls, texts and emails (if you have a separate data plan with your carrier). Custom notifications galore.  It will track many health related metrics. I don’t use many of the apps, so I can’t give any feedback there. I’m a real estate professional, and this watch serves me well for what I need it to do. If you have a need for a watch that can help you in so many daily situations, just buy it.I like big watches. I love it. Definitely fits my mountainbiking. Series 7 is going on ebay soon.8 generations in, this updated hardware is a larger refresh in the Apple Watch world, but by no means brings anything too different or new for seasoned Apple Watch users. Rather, this is a more polished version of what you know and already love - just with a larger battery, bigger screen, beefier case, and more finer touches that just make it an all around decent watch. 
As a daily runner who’s currently preparing for my next marathon, is it going to replace my Garmin Epix2 w/ running dynamics pod and Polar H10? No - until Apple steps up their running dynamics and training recovery features (to their credit, the former of which is slowly starting to happen), I can’t recommend this for athletes who are actively training. I also really wish they’d introduced a darker finish as well - the natural titanium with bright orange action button certainly makes the unit stand out a lot more.
Also, while the battery life is certainly better than any other AW I’ve ever used and can last me 1.5-1.75 days per charge, it still goes nowhere close to the 15 days I get on my Epix2 (w/ all satellites mode). At the same time, it also does a lot more (and has an actually useable flashlight - c’mon Garmin), so it’s a matter of what you value most, at the end of the day. Red light mode for night use is just the typical Apple polishing touches that we have all come to know and love.
Compared to the 799$ I spent back in the day on the SBSS AWS4, this is a very good value for the $ if you’re in the market for an Apple Watch, but again, it’s hard to recommend this at the moment for endurance athletes. I’m sure Apple will get there with the software; perhaps just 1-2 more generations and they’ll nail it.This feature rich and durable watch is levels above the competition.  Apple listened to their customers and developed a state of the art rugged watch. I have taken this swimming, hiking and mountain biking. ItS accuracy is amazing. I opted to activate the cellular service and still can’t believe how crystal clear the sound is when communicating through it’s built in phone function. I live not having to tether to my iPhone. I just leave my iPhone at home while on the trail. The battery life is 100% better than my Gen 5 Apple Watch. If you can find this pick it up. Come Christmas shopping time this will become scarce!I was hesitant to purchase this because everyone was saying how big it was so I went to Best Buy to check it out myself and I love it! Yea it’s big and someone referred to it as a “guys” watch but to me it’s perfect.  It’s pricey and if you aren’t going to utilize it as it’s designed you will feel like you wasted money but I wear mine everyday and love everything it offers for my usage.  Im a female, 5’2 and it fits perfectly.  I love the new design and all around a great watch.I love the new APPLE watch ultra. This was a huge upgrade from the Series 7 I currently had. The battery life is amazing. I workout at least twice a day and I don’t charge it for 2 days before it is close to dying. I love the action which I set it as a workout, which means I can quickly start a workout by hitting the action button compared to before when you had to look for the workout/fitness section and choose. But the main reason I chose the watch is because of the size of the display which is 49mm.
Exudes quality. Best Apple Watch yet. Coming from the Series 6 so the screen size is an upgrade for me. It’s not too big as many have worried. Makes the non-Ultra seem somewhat anemic in comparison. I ordered with the Ocean band in blue (Midnight) and find it very comfortable and easy to put on and take off. Comfortable wearing while sleeping. Is not too heavy, has just the right amount of heft which is to say it’s very comfortable and non obtrusive.  Also really like the traditional silver color of the watch body reminds me of the analog watches I used to wear before the Apple Watch came along.I’ve had every Apple Watch since they were first introduced years back. This one is the first one that feels like a real upgrade. I’m not a hard core athlete, just someone that’s consistently active. The metrics that I’m able to track now are the best things I didn’t know I needed; but, really appreciate. On top of that, it looks great, and now I’m able to track my sleep since the battery life is much more than the past 24 hr-ish former models. If you’re thinking about it, I say pull the trigger. This is the most exciting Apple product of 2022, by far.This is apple’s first extreme sports oriented smart watch. Personally, I am totally satisfied with the normal Apple Watch series. However, this was a birthday gift for my friend who loves the long battery and the aesthetics that Apple Watch ultra provides. At 799, it’s the same price as an Apple Watch stainless steel series 8. The judgment is for you to make—do you prefer the clean and sleek looking of the premium series 8 model or the bulky titanium made battery champ Apple Watch ultra?The watch is really light for its size and features. The battery life is really good. Goes for 48 hours without charging ( i carry my iphone with me) i got it with the ocean band. Its really sturdy and the watch doesnt come off easily. I am also able to add the 44mm nike sports loop which i got for my SE with this watch. Worth the buy! Especially if you go out a lot or you are someone who likes big bulky watches!!Wow! This thing does shine in my arm. Besides the beautifully designed case, the screen is as large as can be and has amazing brightness. The Ultra also surprised me as for the battery life. I don't use always on display and I'm getting 3 full days of normal usage (when not tracking exercises), which an incredible upgrade over what I used to get on my Series 5 44mm. Very happy with the upgrade!This is a pleasant surprise from Apple.  It's the first true redesign of the Apple Watch!  It's not as big as everyone says.  The larger screen is a great upgrade.  Also, it is a bit thicker than the standard watch, but it's still very wearable.
I previously had a 44mm Apple Watch, but I didn't wear it often and preferred my mechanical watches.  This is the first Apple watch I would be willing to wear daily.  I also love the strap (extremely soft and stretches).  Overall, I am extremely impressed with this redesigned watch!I love it.  I wasnt sure if the weight and size would annoy me, but after about a month I actually prefer it.  The battery life is the best part. I recently went on a business trip for 4 days and forgot the charger.  By the time I got home on Friday my watch was at 19%. Between battery life, the completely indestructible screen and the action button, this is my favorite Apple Watch.This ultra model is what I’ve been hoping for. I have been in the construction trades over 30 years and the ruggedness of this model is proving to be a great benefit. I have been a satisfied Apple Watch (model 3) owner. I am very pleased with the bigger display and longer battery life compared to the model 3, but “better in every way” does come at a price.Best Apple Watch to date! Have had an Apple Watch since the original Apple Watch with sapphire glass and think this one is better! 49mm size is perfect to me and battery is great and speaker is even better. Got the ocean band and is very comfortable. Have recommended to all my friends that have smart watch! This is how the Apple Watch should have been made in the first place!!!Awesome product. Can’t wait for the updates to unleash its full potential. No loss stars but if you have a larger wrist, just note that the band is one size fits all. I learned the hard way… (Apple isn’t even aware) you can buy a band extension for the ocean band through the apple website. They claim it’s for putting the watch in over a wet suit but I needed it with just normal wear.This is Apple’s best watch yet!!  I have had every Apple Watch but this one is another level. I have been waiting for a larger watch and this fits the bill. The screen is crystal clear and bright due to the 2000 nits snd has the clarity of an iPhone. Its super light due to it being Titanium. I plan to keep my Hermès Series 7 when I need something for more sleek snd not as bulky.  Ultra will be my daily for sure.Great watch, best apple watch by far. The design and build are awesome as well as the battery life. Not sure what the criticism on this watch was for. The watch is big and bulky in comparison to older apple watches but mechanical watches that are worn everyday are sometimes bigger.I absolutely love this Watch version. Finally, they increased the size to 49mm which fits most male wrists better and it certainly looks a lot better. Superior technology and the battery life is noticeably much much better. The pricing is a bit high but not much I can do about that with Apple.Apple Watch Ultra resign and it's awesome.  Big fan of the bigger face, new quick action button, and the protection on the existing dial/button.  I workout daily, play basketball couple times a week, run, bike, you name it, it's great.  As usual, a great Apple product.Replaced series 6 with this 8 ultra. Screen brightness plus screen size along with battery, ruggedness, lightweight and customized action button makes this well worth the price for me. The body temperature sensor takes a few days to get accurate body temperatures because they fluctuate throughout a day. Highly recommend Apple’s best watch to date.This is there finest watch yet! Loving the change in design, subtle however feels fresh.  The size and clarity of the screen accompanied by 2000 nits of brightness is outstanding! In full sun, you can read your watch, nice change. I would absolutely recommend this for aging eyes.Love the Apple ultra. The size is what sold me. This here was the best thing Apple could have done with the Apple Watch. Love it and if you have a hard time seeing things in small print I would recommend Apple Ultra. Oh and I sold my 7 for 350 to off set the price of the Ultra.Great watch but one thing that lets it down, imo, is the strap. I didn't like any of them but had to choose one so I chose the ocean strap. One size fits all? I wonder what person designed this? Certainly not somebody with a large wrist. I had to use the last hole, and it still left marks on my wrist (which is 8 1/4 inches). I had to then buy a $50 Apple strap that normally comes on the other watches, extra large and that fits. Maybe the straps bigger, Apple, and you might get a 5 star in future.The of the best
I have my new Apple Watch 
Is more bigger and the looks is amazing 
I love it is like always simple to used 
Very light nice looking and the battery last more longer so far so good  I like it if you are Apple Watch fan you going to love this oneI have had several apple watches but this is by far my favorite because it is the “REAL” design change, love the bigger screen, the battery actually lasts for 3 days and the additional button for a quick is is very helpful. A must have
I was worried I might have trouble getting used to the larger size but it has not been a problem.  In fact I love the screen size, so easy to read text messages without my reading glasses.  I also think the band is well suited and comfortable!As an activity watch, I have to give it a 5. But on design and the watch strap, I just feel like it could have been made a little bit better. The yellow diving watch strap is good, but comes up as slightly small for me, which makes it uncomfortable to put on each time. I’ve been using some of the Velcro straps because of the easier fig and nearly infinite adjustability. I wish I had gotten the field strap version given my experience with it.I love my ultra watch at first I was hesitant to buy this watch but I am happy I pulled the plug & brought the ultra, I love the size of it & everything else is such refreshing just wish they added better watch faces & moreUpgraded from the series 7 and this upgrade was well worth it.   I love large watches, and this looks great.   The ocean white band is great.  The battery is very good.  The sound is also very good on this watch.This is my second Apple Watch and the Ultra met all my expectations.  I love the larger screen with an improved visual interface for app or notifications.  I also love the health monitoring such as heart rate, blood oxygen level, and more.I have had every series from the from 1 to 7 and this Ultra is the best hands down. Charge it every 3 days, it fits the wrist better and the larger screen is great. I have already referred a couple friends to the watch.It has not been one day without my apple watch ultra. I refused to take it off besides charging it. The apple watch 4 feels small to me now compared to the Apple watch ultra. The battery life is good for two days and without power mode will be 3 plus days.The Apple Watch Ultra is hands down the best Apple Watch I have ever owned. The extended battery life is awesome! I also enjoy the Activity Button and it’s many uses. Don’t hesitate, grab one today!Great watch on the bigger side but you get used to it. Battery last about 2.5 days maybe 3 depending on how often you use it. Diving option starts automatically and keeps track of depth, temp etcGreat watch. Really enjoy the upgrade. Not a big fan of the band I chose though. Would be the better option for a lot of in water use but not my pick for day to day. Other options in my opinion are more airy.I am enjoying my New Apple series 8 Ultra watch with so many amazing features, 49mm large face made out of titanium, 36 hour battery, 60 on low power mode, I could write a book on all the excellent features, Thank You Apple!!!The Apple Watch Ultra brings a new level to the Apple Watch Series. Either the rugged design, to the new features like emergency sos, tracking your path in extreme conditions, ecg heat rhythm monitoring, longer battery life, and so much more. I would highly recommend it.When i watch the youtube, i love it right away. I don't need to buy any protect for the watch because it durable and comfortable (not to big when you think it 49mm)I went from an Apple Watch 4 44mm to this. I like the large screen, and how scratch-resistant it is. The battery life is what made me pick this over an Apple Watch 8 45mm. I do not upgrade that often so I wanted a watch I can live with for many years to comeThis is the Apple Watch weve been waiting for!!! For people who want tge best of voth worlds you got a nice watch with a large face. Additionally if you want a different band there are plenty if options to go around. YOU CAN’T GO WRONG WITH APPLE WATCH!!!When in to order the new Apple ultra watch . The young lady who helped was very knowledgeable and pleasant to deal with , she new exactly what I wanted and took in my trade in with no problems.Decided to upgrade my 4 series stainless steel apple watch. Screen looks so good. I love the flat design. Its thicker but you get used to it really quick. Build quality is top notch. And the ocean band is so comfortable for all day wearJust an all around better watch, the battery life, the durability it’s just the best hands down watch Apple has made, if you can just get over the price it is everything and plus someExcellent quality and it feels like a premium watch.  Battery life is excellent compared to the series 7 I had.  Three days use with heavy usage on a few days to figure out settings.It’s amazing love the look of it it feels so responsive to touch … battery last so much longer .. overall I would recommend the ultra over the regular apple watch
Love this watch, it’s perfect! Apple hit a home run on this one. Love the longer battery life (48hrs based on my usage) and sapphire glass. I love the backtracking for hiking, never get lost.I mean it’s Apple. It’s the best watch for battery life and everything else times 3 I mean it’s a perfect watch no complaints. Only reason I took this back was because it’s too extreme for me.Incredible Watch!!! I love it!!!! I have already used it Scuba Diving and it was very helpful. Great build and feels very light with the Titanium frame. Highly recommend!!!It’s a good upgrade watch.   This particular watch is back ordered in all stores.  Best Buy delivered it quickly.  I’m happy with it.love this watch! i've been saying if they come out with a bigger one with longer battery i would get it.. its a little spendy, but i really like itBest Apple Watch I’ve owned to date. Of course it’s new and has new features but overall it’s really great quality and well built physically and feature wise.I had an apple watch series 4 and got the apple watch ultra and major difference. This thing is amazing. Big and bright screen and vibrant.Reall love the watch . It feels much sturdier than previous Apple Watches. Love not bending my phone to call and fitness apps and trackersGreat service, actually received it sooner than if I had purchased from apple. Best buy is the best.  Beat apple watch to date.  This thing is Awesome!!So pleased with form and functionality!  Size is perfect for my wrist. I'm pleasantly pleased with the Ocean Band.  Much better than the old silicon only bands.This would have been 5 stars, but Apple really needs to work on the sensors so that the watch reads through tattoos for is to stay unlocked while it is worn.  I have to tighten the band really tight for it the watch to stay unlocked.  But even then, it sometimes goes back to being locked.  Other than that I really love the watch functions and the size.When you compare the Ultra with the Series 8 in Titanium the difference is only $50. The durability and extra features were my most important consideration.Absolutely amazing! The wait is over!! Finally an Apple Watch that feels like a proper watch on my wrist. Looks amazing, easy to use and extremely well crafted.This is DEFINITELY the best smartwatch out to date! It does so much and is built like a tank so you can dive and be very active with it. I love it!I have been wearing apple watch since version 1 and this is the best ever! I like the flat screen and the brightness of it. Perfection!“LOVE THIS WATCH” that’s the review!!!! LoL. What more can I say, it’s a Apple Watch on Steroids! And I really really like it.Best Apple Watch to date.  Stays charged for 48 hours and has a great feel and display. Already banged it against a few things and no crack or scratches!I absolutely love this watch design… it’s the best one yet. I am a lover of large face watches and this makes it A+ for me… plus, the durability and functionality makes it a people’s choice.This watch is the best watch to have. The battery life is unbelievable and it does so much more than before. It looks good on someone with a big wrist.I love my Ultra. upgraded from 4 gen to Ultra, the band is comfortable and it looks very cool on a girl
It is one of the best watches I’ve had. The bigger screen and all the new functions makes it one of my best investments.The battery life alone is worth it. I no longer have to think about whether my watch is charged before I can workout.I was worried that it was too big. Once I have it, I am not noticing it. I use used 2 days before needing to chargeDefinitely love the Ultra. My 4th and Best Apple Watch. Doesn't feel too big on my small wrists.This watch checks all the boxes. It nice looking, it’s larger, it’s more durable and it has all the options you need plus more.Love the all the options this watch has to offer.
They really stepped up to compete with the Garmin watch series.Great product! Super scratch resistant so you won’t need a case. Operate fast and just like it is supposed to. The face is bright and large.I love this watch! Love how much bigger this is than the rest. Battery last way longer than what I need it for.I love this watch. I have upgraded to just about every watch that Apple has. This one is probably the better one for me. It’s not too big.Only thing i don’t like is the orange action button but not that noticeable while wearing it.Went from watch series 5 to this, and didn’t regret a penny. Aesthetically awesome watch with additional features.Great product and it was delivered in just a few days when every other supplier was talking weeks or months.  Great jobI am realy like this apple watch. It has the best design in comparison with other modelsBest Apple watch ever!!!! Well worth the upgrade from any previous version Apple watch.This is my favorite smart watch yet! I'm very please with the display size and comfort.Great watch, it tells time! Easy to use and navigate, just like my I watch 5 but biggerIt was a gift for a friend who was waiting eagerly,  and now he is surprised and excited.  Loved his expression.Love this watch. It’s huge but looks great and is fast and lasts for days without being on a charger. I would recommend to anyone!Awesome everyday watch! I use it everyday, battery life is excellent and is readable even in sunlight.Love this watch.  It does everything i want and the siren is killer.  Cant wait for my accessories.  The fact i can switch bands with a 45mm is amazing too.
Its big but very nice looking watch. Planning to keep this watch for at least 5 yrsThe screen is large and clear. The battery lasts much longer than my previous Apple watch. Couldn’t be happier…Upgraded to the Ultra. Love it! Charge lasts so much longer. I can go multiple days on a charge.Upgraded from the SE model. This watch includes cellular and was easy to use. Battery life far improved, lots of cool features.I love this watch fits perfect not to heavy feels good and looks so much better compared to the 7-8 modelsFell in love with watch unfortanetlly the band didnt fit but luckily i had my past bands that fit the watchI love this watch, I'm a diver and have put it to the test twice , the big buttons are a must with glovesGreat watch.   A great upgrade    Outstanding  service from Best Buy.   They delivered it earlier than they promised.Best Apple Watch yet! Audio quality on calls is amazing and clear. The screen is bright and clear in all situations.Awesome! I had the 4 and it lasted me all these years! The Ultra is exactly what I’ve been waiting for!Amazing battery life, even after using gps to record workout for several hours. Looks beautiful too.I bought this one for my wife. She loved it because of the new battery life and all the new designGreat battery life, lightweight, durable, and large display is amazing! Reviewed it for my YouTube channel and I love it!Finally rugged Apple Watch. Great battery life all the features and will not break if it’s dropped.Love it! It was easy set up. Very comfortable and has long battery life for my use.Best Apple Watch and I like it a lot. Better life is great and all the new feature are awesome.I can’t brag enough of this watch. It’s expensive but worth every penny. The battery is unbelievable.As always the fit and finish of this Apple iWatch is superior. It pairs extremely well with my iPhone 14 pro.Great fit not as big on the risk as I thought fits just right and is durable. Worth every pennyExcellent battery life. Durable watch band the 49mm is exactly what the series 8 needed
Love the fitness tracker and heart and Blood oxygen monitoringI like the extra safety measures that were added along with it being larger.Unbelievable battery life and functions.  Can’t wait to dive with in Aruba and Bonaire next spring..Screen looks amazing, new changes on design that makes it really different from previousVery pleased with the purchase. The functionality of this item is awesome.Easy to read, bright, large face with more features than you ever use. Plenty of face options allowing customization of what widgets you want to see. Only downside is the band - small and difficult to put on.Watch display is great, battery life is much better than previous apple watches which is a plusI got the watch the last for three days without charging and the screen is really nicePurchase was great ! Love my watch and everything about itLove this watch. I’ve been waiting a long time for Apple to give you options! Buy it!Love the big face watch look, finally something that fits my husbands armLove the watch and Best Buy did a great job getting it delivered to me!I upgraded from a series 7 45mm to this ultra and I’m liking it!!!! Great purchase.fantastic product.  over all well built and responsiveApple makes the best products! The cost is high but the materials are high end. It’s NICE!!Love my watch Thank you Best Buy Great quality great looking I am very pleased.Excellent purchase. Battery does last longer but definitely LESS than 3 days.Surprisingly light for its size. Love the always on and the long battery life!Excellent watch with all the latest technology.
Great for RunnersSapphire mirror is very silky and firm. The appearance of the atmosphere
Well.the battery life is great and also looks coolNice big watch great a great build quality , bright screen a great features.Love this watch! Best watch so far! Love the size and functions.This watch is amazing!!!! Perfect size and love all the featuresBig leap and big price tag. Finally an apple watch that will last a full
Marathon.awesome watch, i definitely recommend this item, very reliableThe best Apple Watch Apple ever made. This watch does it all!Love the new Apple Watch Ultra!!! Upgraded from the Series 4.Awesome product so glad I went for the ultra easy to see with aging eyesI am very pleased with my watch and the fas great service from Best Buy.I’ve tried various smartwatches from Samsung to designer like movado and I like this the best.Best Apple Watch so far… the flat display is amazing. You won’t be disappointed.So pretty on my wrist. The new model is so distinctive from the previous oneLonger lasting battery. Love the watch design, and functionality.excellent product came in a timely fashion and is greatI gifted this to myself, because I was jealous of my wife’s giftLove it and the band. Great upgrade from Watch 6. Can't wait to get the other bandsGreat Purchase with no issues.  Will recommend this to anybody..Nice watch and easy to use.  Very masculine and cool to look at. I love it.The watch is great but I am not a fan of the ocean band. The width is to fat! It sucks that you have to pay an extra $100 for the band even if you don’t want the band and just want the watch.
Is it worth the $800 plus tax and apple care? Absolutely … if you are the type of person like me who is use all its feature everyday. I am amazed that I am getting multi days on single charge and that using the 2 workouts and a gps hike per day along with text and phone … consistently getting more than the 36hrs reported and I haven’t even tried the low battery mode yet. It performs.I was upgrading from a Series 4 LTE watch, after the lifespan of that I decided an investment into the Ultra Watch over the recent release of phones wouldn’t be too bad. It took a little tweaking with shutting off Always On screen features but now can accurately have a few days battery life with sporadic charges. It’s nice being able to finally utilize the sleep tracking features!Amazing watch for all my on the couch patato needs like siting, laying, watching tv, playing vidiogames,  Im joking, the large size schreen and long meny battery life for my day to day work. Im not an athlete but it is far more useful for me in my every day life.The Ultra name says it all! This is by far the best Apple Watch I’ve owned. Hadn’t been this excited about a product launch since the first iPhone and first watch. Love everything about it from the unboxing to setting it up. I was one of the lucky ones who received this on launch. Don’t think twice if you are on the fence just buy it!Loving this new watch. Upgraded from a series 4 and enjoying the very noticeable upgrade. Especially the screen and that extended battery life. Worth every penny!This is the best watch Apple has Mede to date. The size and weight is great. Battery life has been great so far and I love the wayfinder watch face.Best watch out 2022 Hands down ! 49mm screen , most rugged ! Best screen out, because it can take a beating and still look like new. Still super comfortable.The large, beautiful display combined with stellar battery life are what make it for the Apple Watch Ultra.I purchased this watch because of the larger screen and battery. I am upgrading from Apple Watch SE, which is a massive upgrade. 
Screen Size: It's huge and noticeable on your wrist. I'm 6ft tall with a decent size wrist, and the watch sits just right. 
Battery Life: I have gone to the gym and I have gone for a run, but I haven't charged the watch since I got it. It's almost 2 days and the battery was at 90% when I started using it. I still have 33% battery at the time of this review.
I will say this, there are features in this watch that I won't be using. For instance, I don't have a need for cellular or deep diving. So the battery life fulfills my needs where it may not for others.I have owned every model of the watch and this one is far and above the best I have owned.  I always get more than the 36 hour stated battery life. I consistently get 48 hours in normal mode with cellular. The screen is bright and clear. The haptic feedback is very noticeable and there is no way you will miss alerts. The weight and size makes it feel like a traditional watch. Only negative are the lack of available standard bands. They are all very use case specific.I have had version 3 and 6. Biggest issue was durability as both got a cracked screen twice. The Ultra has some other benefits beyond durability that work great with my hobbies of camping and offroading. But the quality and functionality as well as style make this well worth the cost. Think about nice dinner and going out watches. Great watch for under $1,000Absolutely fantastic watch. Much bigger than previous Apple Watch but you hardly notice. Screen is a great size. Much better for running and cycling. Couldn’t be more pleased. Would not however use Best Buy trade in again. I have traded in items before to Apple and never had a reduction in offer. I used Best Buy trade in this time and it was reduced at acceptance.Love this watch! I’m definitely not an extreme adventurer so I can’t speak to that aspect but it is definitely a well made premium feeling watch. I saw a review complaining about the weight of the watch but to me it’s just right. It doesn’t feel as flimsy and light as regular Apple Watches. Has just enough weight to feel premium. The screen is beautiful and bright. I had originally planned on canceling the order or returning it but I’m definitely keeping it now.It’s a great looking watch and feels good on my arm. The first thing I noticed about this watch was the quality of the material and how sturdy the metal frame and glass is. Compared to the previous apple watches, the Ultra won’t scratch and wear out so easily. Because of the premium material, I think the watch is worth the price.This is an outstanding piece of tech, vastly superior to previous versions of the Apple Watch. Battery life and build quality are in my opinion just amazing. Even using GPS and some cellular it lasts all day with plenty of battery left over. It also gives off both a rugged look and feel, still super lightweight.I've owned a number of apple watches and this one is the best thus far.  All of the new features and functions of the series 8 but has a larger face (I really need that for my eyes) longer battery, water depth, etc.  I really like the sleep stage recording and graphs.Lighter than i thought it would be and doesnt fell heavy on the wrist.  Really like the larger screen and battery life, definitely not using all the features it has at the moment but it makes me want to go outdoors and do moreAbsolutely one of the best smart watches I’ve ever owned. I mean from the durability, to the performance, to even how good the speaker is for such a small device. I mean this device is as good as it gets for modern day tech.This watch replaces a series 5 watch and i really like it. The display, the battery, the action button are all top notch. I have several watch bands and the all fit this watch. I can easily keep both watches and can easily switch between them.As someone who has used the 5 and 6 series before, I say this is completely different! It's really nice to have 2 days of battery life, the advantage of the big screen, and more fluidity. I use the Alpine Green one, it looks better than what I see in the pictures.
Is it worth the $800 plus tax and apple care? Absolutely … if you are the type of person like me who is use all its feature everyday. I am amazed that I am getting multi days on single charge and that using the 2 workouts and a gps hike per day along with text and phone … consistently getting more than the 36hrs reported and I haven’t even tried the low battery mode yet. It performs.I was upgrading from a Series 4 LTE watch, after the lifespan of that I decided an investment into the Ultra Watch over the recent release of phones wouldn’t be too bad. It took a little tweaking with shutting off Always On screen features but now can accurately have a few days battery life with sporadic charges. It’s nice being able to finally utilize the sleep tracking features!Amazing watch for all my on the couch patato needs like siting, laying, watching tv, playing vidiogames,  Im joking, the large size schreen and long meny battery life for my day to day work. Im not an athlete but it is far more useful for me in my every day life.The Ultra name says it all! This is by far the best Apple Watch I’ve owned. Hadn’t been this excited about a product launch since the first iPhone and first watch. Love everything about it from the unboxing to setting it up. I was one of the lucky ones who received this on launch. Don’t think twice if you are on the fence just buy it!Loving this new watch. Upgraded from a series 4 and enjoying the very noticeable upgrade. Especially the screen and that extended battery life. Worth every penny!This is the best watch Apple has Mede to date. The size and weight is great. Battery life has been great so far and I love the wayfinder watch face.Best watch out 2022 Hands down ! 49mm screen , most rugged ! Best screen out, because it can take a beating and still look like new. Still super comfortable.The large, beautiful display combined with stellar battery life are what make it for the Apple Watch Ultra.I purchased this watch because of the larger screen and battery. I am upgrading from Apple Watch SE, which is a massive upgrade. 
Screen Size: It's huge and noticeable on your wrist. I'm 6ft tall with a decent size wrist, and the watch sits just right. 
Battery Life: I have gone to the gym and I have gone for a run, but I haven't charged the watch since I got it. It's almost 2 days and the battery was at 90% when I started using it. I still have 33% battery at the time of this review.
I will say this, there are features in this watch that I won't be using. For instance, I don't have a need for cellular or deep diving. So the battery life fulfills my needs where it may not for others.I have owned every model of the watch and this one is far and above the best I have owned.  I always get more than the 36 hour stated battery life. I consistently get 48 hours in normal mode with cellular. The screen is bright and clear. The haptic feedback is very noticeable and there is no way you will miss alerts. The weight and size makes it feel like a traditional watch. Only negative are the lack of available standard bands. They are all very use case specific.I have had version 3 and 6. Biggest issue was durability as both got a cracked screen twice. The Ultra has some other benefits beyond durability that work great with my hobbies of camping and offroading. But the quality and functionality as well as style make this well worth the cost. Think about nice dinner and going out watches. Great watch for under $1,000Absolutely fantastic watch. Much bigger than previous Apple Watch but you hardly notice. Screen is a great size. Much better for running and cycling. Couldn’t be more pleased. Would not however use Best Buy trade in again. I have traded in items before to Apple and never had a reduction in offer. I used Best Buy trade in this time and it was reduced at acceptance.Love this watch! I’m definitely not an extreme adventurer so I can’t speak to that aspect but it is definitely a well made premium feeling watch. I saw a review complaining about the weight of the watch but to me it’s just right. It doesn’t feel as flimsy and light as regular Apple Watches. Has just enough weight to feel premium. The screen is beautiful and bright. I had originally planned on canceling the order or returning it but I’m definitely keeping it now.It’s a great looking watch and feels good on my arm. The first thing I noticed about this watch was the quality of the material and how sturdy the metal frame and glass is. Compared to the previous apple watches, the Ultra won’t scratch and wear out so easily. Because of the premium material, I think the watch is worth the price.This is an outstanding piece of tech, vastly superior to previous versions of the Apple Watch. Battery life and build quality are in my opinion just amazing. Even using GPS and some cellular it lasts all day with plenty of battery left over. It also gives off both a rugged look and feel, still super lightweight.I've owned a number of apple watches and this one is the best thus far.  All of the new features and functions of the series 8 but has a larger face (I really need that for my eyes) longer battery, water depth, etc.  I really like the sleep stage recording and graphs.Lighter than i thought it would be and doesnt fell heavy on the wrist.  Really like the larger screen and battery life, definitely not using all the features it has at the moment but it makes me want to go outdoors and do moreAbsolutely one of the best smart watches I’ve ever owned. I mean from the durability, to the performance, to even how good the speaker is for such a small device. I mean this device is as good as it gets for modern day tech.This watch replaces a series 5 watch and i really like it. The display, the battery, the action button are all top notch. I have several watch bands and the all fit this watch. I can easily keep both watches and can easily switch between them.As someone who has used the 5 and 6 series before, I say this is completely different! It's really nice to have 2 days of battery life, the advantage of the big screen, and more fluidity. I use the Alpine Green one, it looks better than what I see in the pictures.
The Ultra smartwatch  it's a maxed-out Apple . Apple went all in for the outdoor crowd climbers, divers, ultrarunners, racking up a long list of new specs and features that will make you excited to go on an adventure, especially if you sit and look at the device long enough.You don’t have to be a NatGeo explorer to enjoy this watch. I love my purchase, and this is probably the best Apple product in years it’s a must buy if your looking for a heavy duty smart watch or your just a local athlete keeping track of your stats.Band is comfortable and watch is great. Has great features does anything I need. Looking forward to later updates and releases to full utilize. Is pricy but it is titanium and the same price as previous stainless steel versionsGreat watch as I upgraded from the series 7. The ultra has a comfortable feel and packs a punch of technology.   It’s way better then just a regular Apple Watch and I would upgrade if you are even thinking about doing so.This is the best Apple Watch for the money since its inception. Even if you don’t plan to dive or hike mountain trails, you’ll love the snappy responsiveness, giant screen, longer battery life, and if you’re like me you’ll love the orange color scheme.This is by far the most beautiful and rugged version of the watch I’ve had. The battery is so much better than all of the others, and I’ve have 5 of the past watches to compare it to.Off the Past 3 days of having it I really enjoy all the features it has to offer. I’m really loving the battery life and quality design the watch has definitely the best watch out in the Apple ecosystem!The apple watch ultra is the watch  I've been waiting for, and The size doesn't affect me at all. Excellent battery life, and the screen looks perfect. Apple has hit a home run with this one.Overall a good watch if your wrist can accommodate the larger size and you personally like the style and finish of it. What you do gain is a longer battery life and larger display and durable watch in return for the negative complaints mentioned initially. As far as the operation and use it’s deserves a 5 star rating. Buy one if you can accommodate the initial complaints.The bigger size really makes a huge, no pun intended, difference.  Now I can actually read my texts on my watch, on my previous Apple watch the fonts were too small.Works great - battery lasts longer and I love the larger screen.  The band I got took some getting used to but it is awesome nowI absolutely love this watch! The design and feel is perfect. I’m happy that Apple finally released a new top tier model. Price is worth it.Incredible smartwatch!!! Features & Apps that weren’t available in previous additions are now☺️☺️☺️. If only the software was as the hardware…Im enjoying the apple watch ultra. Bigger bolder size gets many compliments. Easier viewing along with already great features.Like the new style and band design. Good functionality and much easier to see under varied conditions.I have owned 3 other Apple Watches and none of them are as good as this one.  A must buy if battery life is a concernThis watch has been amazing . I wear it every day. I track all my workouts. It been very rugged and have not seen any issue so farAn amazing upgrade to my previous iWatch, I really appreciate the Titanium watch case as I will not need to wrap it in anything to protect it.Awesome watch best Apple Watch I have ever had! Easy to read. Great battery life. Great features.Great watch , very well made . This new Ultra is getting closer to the large timepieces I like . I did return it , I did not see the value .
I’ve used to have a Apple Watch but went to garmin because battery was better. But with the ultra I can longer than one before having to charge and have all the smart features.I know with apple products have set the bar. The Apple Watch (AW) Ultra should've been the first AW Apple ever produced. Battery life is awesome, overall awesome.Love the large display and the titanium case. Bit in the heavy side, but i like that!Great watch but a really crappy band! That orange picture is way better than reality. Except for those people who are diving and don’t mind an hour of set up to just take your first step, this band is a massive pain in the rear. Moreover, it looks and feels like a piece of Velcro.I like the durability, functionality, and battery life of the Apple Watch Ultra.Love it! Glad I got it...I was suspicious if I would like it for the price. I love it.I have no complaints but color options. Really good watch and screen is huge.Love my new Apple Watch! Still learning all its capabilities!Love the battery life and look of this thing! It’s not as big as I thought it would be.Awesome watch that hold power for 2 days. Quality is great.I Love this watch!. Planning to take this watch and long is over. The screen is beautiful and bright.I love this watch. I like the large screen and you can fit so many more options on itBest Apple watch so far, battery last for more than 2 days without charging.I cannot believe how clear and bright the screen is and the ease to read all types of content.I’m really enjoying the Apple Watch Ultra.  The size of the screen and battery are amazing.My new go to time piece for every day.  Great screen and my wrist is big so fits perfectlyFirst time owning an Apple Watch and enjoying it all the features it hasEasy to use awesome value very comfortable and good valueExcellent battery life 
Apple really knocked it out of the park with this upgradeFantastic piece of technology!  looks great and very helpful with workouts
The best apple watch ever, titanium and at 49mm in size!Very cool!  I hope i can learn how to use it fully!Outstanding apple did it again. I hope they add video so I can watch live football on my wrist.The “features” on this watch doesn’t worth the upgrade. If you have 6 or 7Th gen keep your $850 for something else and avoid the unfair $45 restock feeThis watch finally feels like a man’s Apple Watch.Love the screen great battery life. Just really a solid upgrade.Watch was perfect size thought it would be bigger but it wasn’tGreat watch, for sure. Step in the right direction for active folks that want a more activity focused AW.Nice looking Watch, but almost the same thing like the other ones , just different on sizeThis Watch is good But the Band is Nit convenient in use.I got this because I work outside aka construction. After wearing it for few days. Not comfy. It’s really big and bulky. Couldn’t wear my gloves unless I took watch off. Wouldn’t get it or recommend it.When Apple announced this watch I thought it was overkill, and maybe a bit strange looking. That was likely due to Apple's insistence on showing extreme conditions that this supposedly could be used in. But in person, I was sold. The top edge surrounding the glass is a nice look, so are the other elements like the speaker holes and 'action' button's contrast. The screen feels bigger, because it is, and the titanium is a nice change of color and a durable, premium looking material. It has a very much natural gunmetal vibe. It's chunky and I love it. 
I hear the alpine bands can get dirty looking, so if considering one, go for this green color, it's a nice muted forest/camo green that fits the metal color nicely.  I will say though, that if you have thin, or small wrists, this thing will likely overpower you in terms of proportions, falling to one side or another, so my recommendation remains that it's great for those who will be choosing the L band size in general, and likely not anyone looking at that S size.
One last thing, unboxing this thing was very pleasant and outdoorsy-aspirational, this feels like the premium SUV of apple watches, and would pair nicely with a Rivian or Bronco. ;)Has been great thus far! So many more options and apps than advertised. 
Pleasantly surprised
Love the apple 7 45mm watch. I have really small wrists so I though this watch would be too big and awkward. The sports band that it came with is too big and bulky. I actually cut it to make it work but eventually bought a better sports band off amazon and it fits perfect.I am a first time Apple Watch buyer (I have series 7 45mm) and I must say I have no regrets. The watch has exceeded my expectations. I love that it keeps me on track with my daily activity goals. It’s also very lightweight, I forget I have it in. The battery life could be better because I must charge it daily sometimes twice a day, but that’s okay. Overall, I love it and plan on purchasing any series watch to come.Awesome screen area close to edge to edge all around! Upgraded from an Apple Watch 6! There exclusive watch faces that go well with this watch covering almost from edge to edge and make the watch almost having a bigger appearance.Very nice an love the colors an very handy. Love the different watch faces you can pick from an other things you can do.
But it started freaking out on the 7th day when I had it. It told me that I had to restart my watch because it said I tried to many password’s. But I wasn’t even missing with it an it was freaking out when I tried to type the password in.I was skeptical of getting an Apple Watch, but I really like it now. It’s a convenient gadget to have. I’ve bought some extra bands and cover on Amazon to change it up a bit. As you may notice I bought the 44 mm and usually only men but those but I like the bigger screen.Owning a smart watch has never been this amazing! Thank you Best Buy! I got timely updates on my shipment and even though delivery was delayed for a day, the support and communication was spot on.I Iove my Apple Watch I love doing business with youI love this Apple Watch it was a pretty good item the cuality is pretty awesomeExcellent watch stay on all day and never gave me a problemSuper happy with the 7 Series Apple Watch.  I use my watch to track my walks, runs, and bike rides.  Love the redesign and functionality with all of my Apple products.  The battery tends to run down quicker in comparison to older models.Happy with my Apple Watch! Very helpful. The colorFinally moved on from Fitbit. 
If you have an IPhone it’s a no brainer…..I ordered 45mm and it’s so amazing to read anything!Been using Garmin watches for years and will continue for certain activities but decided to try an Apple Watch after getting a new iPhone 13. Really like the design and integration with the phone. Being able to answer your phone and talk is a nice feature when on the go or driving. Love the band and the watch is very comfortable. Battery life is great and simple to charge. No hassle magnetic connection. Don’t have to fiddle with any small plugs. Money well spent!Great watch and price. Very convenient and great fit. I love the large screen and the texting features. I will definitely recommend this watch.Love my very first iPhone watch s7 45 mm Nike sports & love the size of the this watch easy to use!!love love love!I love the apple watches.  I had a Series 3, then a Series 5 now the Series 7.  I love all the features and it really keeps me on track with my exercise.  It is a little bit price as all Apple products are but I have tried other brands and just don’t like them as well. One area where I think it could use improvement is the battery life.The really like the new starlight color which is silver with a slight gold tint.  I upgraded from the Apple Watch 6 and the screen size is significantly bigger which is very useful for viewing maps, emails, text messages and using the new keyboard.Looks great, I love it.. No problem smooth order and deliveryI love the Apple Watch series 7 ! It comfortable has more features than my series 4.
Love the apple 7 45mm watch. I have really small wrists so I though this watch would be too big and awkward. The sports band that it came with is too big and bulky. I actually cut it to make it work but eventually bought a better sports band off amazon and it fits perfect.I am a first time Apple Watch buyer (I have series 7 45mm) and I must say I have no regrets. The watch has exceeded my expectations. I love that it keeps me on track with my daily activity goals. It’s also very lightweight, I forget I have it in. The battery life could be better because I must charge it daily sometimes twice a day, but that’s okay. Overall, I love it and plan on purchasing any series watch to come.Awesome screen area close to edge to edge all around! Upgraded from an Apple Watch 6! There exclusive watch faces that go well with this watch covering almost from edge to edge and make the watch almost having a bigger appearance.Very nice an love the colors an very handy. Love the different watch faces you can pick from an other things you can do.
But it started freaking out on the 7th day when I had it. It told me that I had to restart my watch because it said I tried to many password’s. But I wasn’t even missing with it an it was freaking out when I tried to type the password in.I was skeptical of getting an Apple Watch, but I really like it now. It’s a convenient gadget to have. I’ve bought some extra bands and cover on Amazon to change it up a bit. As you may notice I bought the 44 mm and usually only men but those but I like the bigger screen.Owning a smart watch has never been this amazing! Thank you Best Buy! I got timely updates on my shipment and even though delivery was delayed for a day, the support and communication was spot on.I Iove my Apple Watch I love doing business with youI love this Apple Watch it was a pretty good item the cuality is pretty awesomeExcellent watch stay on all day and never gave me a problemSuper happy with the 7 Series Apple Watch.  I use my watch to track my walks, runs, and bike rides.  Love the redesign and functionality with all of my Apple products.  The battery tends to run down quicker in comparison to older models.Happy with my Apple Watch! Very helpful. The colorFinally moved on from Fitbit. 
If you have an IPhone it’s a no brainer…..I ordered 45mm and it’s so amazing to read anything!Been using Garmin watches for years and will continue for certain activities but decided to try an Apple Watch after getting a new iPhone 13. Really like the design and integration with the phone. Being able to answer your phone and talk is a nice feature when on the go or driving. Love the band and the watch is very comfortable. Battery life is great and simple to charge. No hassle magnetic connection. Don’t have to fiddle with any small plugs. Money well spent!Great watch and price. Very convenient and great fit. I love the large screen and the texting features. I will definitely recommend this watch.Love my very first iPhone watch s7 45 mm Nike sports & love the size of the this watch easy to use!!love love love!I love the apple watches.  I had a Series 3, then a Series 5 now the Series 7.  I love all the features and it really keeps me on track with my exercise.  It is a little bit price as all Apple products are but I have tried other brands and just don’t like them as well. One area where I think it could use improvement is the battery life.The really like the new starlight color which is silver with a slight gold tint.  I upgraded from the Apple Watch 6 and the screen size is significantly bigger which is very useful for viewing maps, emails, text messages and using the new keyboard.Looks great, I love it.. No problem smooth order and deliveryI love the Apple Watch series 7 ! It comfortable has more features than my series 4.
Awesome product with all the needy features, heart rate, ECG, blood oxygen level. I liked it.Very pleased with this purchase, really helps with my exercise.I bought this because my employer requires a fitness tracker in order to get a discount for health insurance. I have used a Fitbit device for more than 10 years. I got the 45 mm Apple Watch because I need reading glasses for small print. The fitness step tracker records about 5% less steps than the Fitbit does. If you need reading glasses there is not a whole lot that you can do with the watch face– – The font is too small to be usable. It’s easy to click into the apps which are readable with a larger font. The integration with the Apple health app on the cloud is excellent. You can answer calls to your iPhone on your watch which is very helpful if you can’t remember where you put your phone. The audio quality is excellent. It’s also helpful for pinging your phone if you can’t remember where are you left it. The vibrating text message function is customizable so that you can be notified of texts from family members if you like. If the watch is synced to your Outlook messages or Calendar you will need to enter a four digit password to unlock the watch to even get a home screen. This happens when you place to watch on your wrist in the morning or remove it during the day. The battery life is just OK. It only charges from an Apple proprietary charger – – it charges quickly but the battery only lasts a day or two – – much shorter than the Fitbit life. The battery charging cords are not cheap. There is one included in the box. You are probably going to need to purchase a second one. The charging cord works best with a high amp USB adapter, which is also an expense. I used the atrial fibrillation app and it works well. You could also make the diagnosis by taking your own pulse. Since it doesn’t have a charging plug-in it’s pretty waterproof. Like any Apple product it works well, it’s very expensive, and you are semi glad you bought it.My husband has never been a watch fan. Any kind of watch (smart or traditional) however I’ve always had both and ever since I’ve been wearing Apple watches I’ve only seen the benefits it could have for my husband as well as myself. I finally took a chance and purchased this for him for Father’s Day. I went with this model because of the larger display and that it was more crack resistant than the other models plus he’s on his feet all day due to his job and I thought he may enjoy seeing his activity. Turns out I was right. He loves it and he said one of the things he enjoys the most is that it’s so light that he doesn’t even notice it. Also now that he’s been wearing it if he forgets it at home (only happened once) he misses it. Apparently he uses it a lot more than he thought he would. I’m very happy with my purchase and would definitely recommend.It’s my 3rd Apple Watch. I love it. I have many watches but ever since I started using the Apple Watches, I don’t seem to wear any of the other ones anymore. I love the activity/exercise tracking app. So, many great things about it.  My Apple Watch series 6 started to malfunction. It was not worth fixing for the cost of repair so, I bought a 7 when they dropped in price. I put Apple care on this as well as a protective cover/case on this one.I love the upgrade coming from the 3rd generation. The battery life is a bit longer. WHen I had my generation 3 one the battery would die out when I used my Golf Shot app by the 8th hole. Now I can get through the whole 18, but pretty much running on fumes. The dispay is much bigger too. I can't life without this bad boy!I purchased this to replace my husband’s 3 series Nike watch. He’s enjoying the upgrade, the larger face and it has more features than the 3 he previously owned. I added a screen protector and case to protect the face. It was a great buy.I’ve been an Apple Watch user for many years, I wish I didn’t like them so much but, I do so there it is, been trying to quit for years and years but I just can’t.  Maybe we should start a support group or something.  Anyway, I started with the 1, then the 3 which I really loved and didn’t think would ever be replaced but my wife wanted a 7 and I just couldn’t let her get that far ahead of me so I had to have one.  It is FANTASTIC!  The screen looks huge with the edge to edge bezel change thing they did.  With Covid hangin around the Blood Ox thing gives you a good excuse for getting one if you need a reason.  In all seriousness, everything works perfectly, buy one, you will love it!  Join a support group and we can all try to quit again when the 10 or 15s come outGot this for my birthday. I wanted something to monitor my pulse. It nags at me to walk and stand up. The battery lasts about a day and a half and recharges in 6 hours. It works well with my iPhone 12.Excellent watch!  Much better and clearer picture than my old 4th gen that this is replacing.  Excellent battery, and improved water resistance is key for swimming!  Screen is much more durable too.  I hit it several times and scraped it against things and still no scratches!Great watch , I waited for the iWatch seri8 to come out and wasn’t impressed by it , so I decided to get the series 7 Nike version and I’m glad I did. The watch is awesome and not a bad price.My whole family wears Apple watches. I never really wanted to. After many years I decided to try it and it’s the best purchase I’ve made in a while. While working out I love how it keeps track of my heart rate not to mention everything else it does.I love this watch. I’ve had a gen 1 for years, and I was hesitant to upgrade, but so glad I did. The bigger display is awesome and I love the ability to text on the keyboard. The Nike band and faces are pretty great as well. I love the ability to check my ECG and blood oxygen levels. I work in a hospital and have compared it to legit medical equipment, and I’ve been impressed how accurate it has been. Glad I made the purchase.I have been using the Series 6 watch for quite some time and it had some drawbacks too. This watch has a bigger and better screen with good resolution. I am using this mainly to keep track of my daily exercise routine. Apple can do a little better on their battery but this watch works cool than my previous version. I will definitely recommend.I recently updated my Apple Watch 3 to the 7 because I needed more space and my previous watch had a hard time updating due to that.  The watch overall is great…I love the bigger face however I do wish apple would have a setting to turn off the face when it’s in a downward position.  Besides that I am very happy with my upgrade and would encourage any apple users this is the way to go.Outstanding watch! IMO the best smart watch on the market. Big display and great battery life.Excellent Wearable. I liked all of its features. More accurate sleep tracking results and easily defeats all other smart watches in this segment.Absolutely love this watch when it comes to tracking my fitness. I'm still within 90 days of purchase so I'm still learning and discovering a lot of it's capabilities. I have hesitated in the past on getting one but am extremely delighted I didnt pass on it this time.Switched from the Samsung Frontier watch to this. I don't like the password that I need to put in sometimes if I have not opened my phone in a while and it does not recognize the number I entered. However that could be from the cover I put on it. Speak to text works better than I expected. Didn't bother with that on my old watch. Other than that, it works like it should. Just have to get use to the square screen instead of round.Nike Band is a real nice touch if you're already planning on getting an Apple Watch. Doesn't have too much other Nike stuff besides the extra downloadable watch faces. I was also worried about the 45mm being too big and gaudy but its a great look and makes using the watch easier
Can't believe it took me so long to join the masses - this watch is invaluable in my every day, day to day life!Worth every penny. I have enjoyed this purchase very much. I really wanted the Nike edition, just because I’m a huge Nike and apple fan. I was not disappointed with my purchase, and to top it off the shipping and delivery were excellent!If your that person who’s worried the color of this watch isn’t true black or space grey like the past Apple Watches. I’m here to tell you that I cannot tell the difference, UNTIL! I place it side by side to my old watch. Only then! Can you tell, but barely. I’m happy with my purchase.I originally started with an OG Pebble and went to a Fitbit Versa 2. I love how much more is built into the iwatch than my previous options. I wear mine for work outs and everyday.  I am not a huge fan of the clasp system but it has its purpose. I bought a few leather bands to dress it up some.The display is great and set up was very easy.  It was a replacement for an older model.  Very happy with new features.  The battery life is amazingI took advantage of the Best Buy Father’s Day Sale to upgrade from a series 2 Nike Apple Watch 42mm.  An Apple Rep was on site and very helpful answering my questions.  I purchased the Apple Watch Series 7 Nike Version - a tad larger.  It’s full of features that I never had before and they are incredible.Hear me out. 
Small letters on a tiny watch would one of the reasons I stop using my precious Iwatch. Fast forward 2022 - this sexy beast of a watch is brighter, much more clear letters, and the watch face is not as much as I thought it would be on my wrist. Best decision I had this year.So much faster than my 3!  Just wish my 3 didn't die about a month before the 8's came out.  Was forced to buy the 7 as I use my watch so much for my daily work.Apple Watch 7 is really good, keeps me focusing on the bigger picture. I'm able to handle my notifications without having the need to lift my phone . The next biggest reason why I am happy with this particular variant is because of sleep tracking. To maximize my day-to-day productivity, I need the best quality of sleep. So apps like SleepWatch are a great tool to use to track sleep.Best watch I've ever purchased. It has all the features I need plus more. I like the style and fits just right.First, I love the color. I had another brand fitness watch that I really liked but this one is awesome and I love it. It has all the amenities and syncs to my iPhone perfectly. There is only one thing I think needs improvement, the battery life. I've found myself recharging the watch more often than desired.It’s a really good watch. I’ve had no problems with it!!Was hoping The battery on the 7 would hold a longer charge than the fifth GEN . I like my Garmin watch for my gym workout because The battery lasts five days. Don’t wear Apple Watch Tight or close to the wrist otherwise you’ll hit the dial and I kept getting 911 .
Durability is good !!!!! I Wouldn’t pay full price for the 7 & I wish I didn’t give my 5 away !!!!!Best in tracking my activity & workouts. I also like how I can customize it with different bands. I charge it once a night, and it charges fully from 0 to 100 in under an hour actually!It’s pretty good at recording fitness activities. Also, it can be used for audio calls, checking txts and a bunch of other cool things. 
All the time I get compliments on the band this Nike version comes with.Took me a while to jump on the Apple Watch bandwagon, but I really enjoy wearing it.Love the Nike watch. The band is durable and high quality. The screen is very clear and seems bigger. Speaker is louder and sounds better. Overall it’s a great upgrade from the series 4. Battery life is really good as long as you turn off the always on feature. If you leave it on it will be at 10% bu around 10 pm.Very nice and easy to use Apple Watch. Easy to use and easy to navigate and setup. Easy to change interfaceIt is a great smartwatch, has a lot of sport and useful apps like tracking for your flights, health apps and more.
The battery lasts maximum one day when always on is active, and you will need a cover for the screen, but besides that, it is the best you can get for your ihpone.very beautiful watch with many applications that are used to help improve the wellness and productivity of my day! enjoying all the features and still learning everything this watch as to offer.
Bought for a friend, they love it. Only criticism is keyboard app is still too small to really use comfortable. White Nike band is awesome. Be sure to buy a screen case cover for this expensive item or your screen will get trashed outI love this Apple Watch, is the best smartwatch.I will definitely recommend this watch.This was purchased as a birthday gift for our high school Senior. He absolutely loves it and all the features it comes with. He especially likes using Rings tracker, since he works out daily.Accelerant brand, watch and machine.  This item really helps to keep my health in check.Need to upgrade my series three Apple Watch and did I ever! This watch has so many features that I did not know I needed or wanted. The battery life is phenomenal and the health features are a major improvement. So glad I upgradedDidn't think i would use this watch at all but ended up being my daily must have accessory.Upgraded from a series 4 and love the bigger screen, always on display, and other features. Worthy upgrade.I’ve upgraded from Apple Watch 2nd series to this Nike edition Apple Watch and have no complaints. I opted for Nike edition since I do a lot of physical activities.Apple yesssss great watch I’m liking the features a lot and yes Nike rocks tooIt's an incredible watch. Had a Apple Watch 2 before. This is similar but better because the screen is bigger/sharper. I would say the buttons are less sensitive on the screen and the battery life is worse, but it is doing more stuff so that's OK. The black/black is the coolest.What can I say, it’s Apple! I love my watch, can’t live without it!Great product.  Nice upgrade to the display and response time.  Not the biggest fan of the subtle case color change.Upgraded from an Apple Watch 2 to this 7.  Really like the O2 level reading ability, came in handy when sick.  The face of the watch is a little larger then that of the series 2 which is nice tooAmazing! My brother loved his gift. The product was in good condition and loved the colors they had.Absolutely love my new watch! Thanks so much Best Buy for having it in stock.My 2nd Apple Watch....
Upgraded from Series 5.
What is there nit to like. Longer battery life than the Series 5Great device. Cool features. Would suggest to get the white band though.Definitely the best smart watch. Does a lot of the internal heart rate things that most others don’t. As an older person I feel a little more safe being that I can monitor my heart rate an EKG with this.Idk what to say. It’s Apple. I’m apple all the way around but it’s nonetheless the same product they sale you every yearIt was a gift to me enjoying as l workout sleep etc
Excellent! Super easy to use! Loving it! Must Buy!Great product. I’m glad I have it and wish I got it sooner. I plan on buying moreI thought the watch was a good watch.  However, I'm not an Apple fanatic like most in the world.  It's a nice looking watch though and many of the integrations that Apple does with it's ecosystem are great.  Setup was easy as well.  However,  prefer in comparing this to another smartwatch, I prefer the circle watch face compared to the square.  Also, for some reason, it felt like the band for this one was more difficult and annoying to put on compared to the other.  To be fair, I'm use to Garmin watches and came from the Fenix line.  However, I was comparing this to the Garmin Epix 2 and ultimately went with the Epix.  Many people will like this watch and I think it will satisfy many of the Apple fans.  However, the #1 turn off for me was the battery life.  I don't want another device that I have to charge every day no matter how fast that quick charge may be.  If Apple figures out the battery life, they have a winner, but until then, that will be a big inconvenience for many.  It's nice to be able to go on vacation and NOT worry about another cord to bringI always wanted the Nike edition watch so when Best Buy had them on sale, I finally decided to upgrade my series 2. What a difference 5 generations make.  This thing is so responsive and I love the always on display.This watch is great.  I can track all my exercises, and it tells me the time, lol. I have not had any issues with this watch and i would recommend this to anyone that is looking for an Apple watch.I love my new Apple Watch. I love the exercise app that tracks my activity during the dayAmazing watch, very stylish, lots of features, good battery life.For my first Apple Watch, glad i waited to get this Series 7 and also got a great deal for itLove my series 7 Nike watch. My series 5 shattered so needed a new one.  Like the larger size and bandNice design and light weight compared to other models. If you’re into any fitness then this is the watch for you. Note the face display is changeable so you can personalize it to your style.I like to wear this running. Let's me know how many calories I'm burning.Great watch. The design with Nike symbol is a different look.Best smartwatch available. Does everything a smartwatch should do and performs perfectly.Great product very happy with it and recommend it.perfect for sports and keeping track of your workouts.must have always on display with bright screen.  wish it had sapphire crystal.  big screen easy to see.Great product! The delivery process was quick and easy .Great watch, enjoyed the the Apple Watch SE so I went ahead and upgraded. Main complaint is the curved screen, only screen protectors are film and not glass.I have a apple 6 watch that died on me and needed a new one right away, so I got a 7 watch and will now be bring my new 6 watch back in to get a cover and save for it so I have backup one! Thank you.So far so good lost my series 3 the battery was going out of it and it was time for a new one it was bout 4 to 5 years old so I needed to upgrade it
The best apple watch I've ever owned. The durability of the watch alone makes it worth the upgrade.The Apple Watch 7 Nike edition series is really good. All the new Hr features are quite nice. I would recommend this watch to my family and friends to purchase.Love the watch perfect size and amazing features and advance technology.I can’t live without this watch, I love how big the face is.The rubber wrist band, catches on items. Example (bed sheets) 
When you hold the sheets, somehow it catches and comes loose
when you toss the sheets. I have experienced this twice. You have to be careful when you pickup items, that it dosen't catch. 
The battery doesn't seem to last long, when using apps.
Over all the watch has excellent apps. I am very pleased with it's performance.Awesome product. Great value. Would recommend it.  .Works good,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,for realGreat product.I love it would recommend to anybodyMy favorite features are the heart rate monitor and the active minutes! I just wish I didn’t have to charge it every night like all Apple watches.Much more durable then my series 3 that broke in the first month.  Would recommend if you are not careful with the glass.What can one really say about apple watches, they work and work well. The features are great and the connectivity is instantaneous, you will get no issues but you also won't get any compliments either. It's just another apple watch that you'll more than like end up using to only look at texts, control music, use apple pay with and be told to get up and walk around lol. Sadly, the apple watch series whatever is just another apple watch. Oh! but this one is just a little bit larger.Best Watch Ever! By far the best Apple Watch I’ve ever owned.Love the watch it works perfect for me 
Would highly recommendReally good Apple Watch.  Highly recommend.  Great addition.Apple Watch does everything as advertised. I truly enjoy my new watch. It’s a must have for Apple Watch 
Owners. I upgraded from the Apple Watch Series 5. I love this new series Apple Watch!!!!!I love all apple watches especially changing bands and faces to the watch but it’s definitely worth the purchase but if you have a series 6 you might not be any to upgrade the series 7 has a bigger screen but not that much of a difference but I love every 1 of themThis watch is great. All the apps and capabilities are awesome.Great watch. Good upgrade if you have anything older than an apple watch 6.Watch is great wear biking, hiking and working out, as well as the shower just wish the battery life lasted longer than 1 dayI don't normally wear a watch but now I never go any where with out it.
Would be 5 stars except the battery needs to be charged daily. However, fast charging makes this tolerable. Does what it should with a bold bright display. Workouts function well as does gps and heart rate. Find heart rate to be very accurate when compared with chest strap and arm bands.  Even the ecg works. The only problem seems to be that VO2max can only be computed with a walk or run and not cycling.It’s an Apple Watch. What else is there to say. Had one before this and the screen cracked in the corner. Was going to cost more to fix then replace.Series 7 Nike edition is still the best apple watchPerfect anything you can ask for and look for in a smart watch recommend for iPhone usersPurchased this watch when it was on sale. It was super coolThe watch came in Perfect conditions and no issuesMuch faster than my series 4. Battery is probably the same, but the always-on face makes for nicer readability. If there's a downside I've found, it's that the blood O2 sensor seems to read low.This is my first purchase of an Apple Watch and so far I have no regret, it is accurate and has all the necessary applications to help you with your day.Good product, nice look , best performance ,high battery life size………purchased as a gift. Solid gift for anyone !!!!got this for birthday it is much loved. work out app is really good. motivates you to get off the couchMy dream became a reality, pick up an Apple smartwatch. The device is outstanding as many Apple's productThe face on the watch is huge! It's fantastic and super comfy.Very useful features and good for iphone user based on the promotion right now.Super useful I like it you can use it in the pool everywhereGreat watch. Looks nice and has so many features.!Great watch. Love the band, very user friendly OS.GOT IT FOR MY SON , HE LOVES IT , EASY-TO-USE,  YOU COULD A LOT WITH IT , GOOD QUALITYAwesome tech for my 16 yr old boy. He bought it with his first paycheck. So much features. Execelent tool for school, i think.Made the switch from android for the Apple Watch. Loving my 7 so far. Durable, good battery life. Very happy
It’s terrific, just as one would expect from Apple.  I previously had the Apple Watch Nike 3, and this was a pretty substantial leap.Good to use , I have higher version of it and liked it. Good to use , I have higher version of it and liked itAfter using an Apple Watch Series 2 for the past few years, I find new updates and differences on a daily basis. I'm loving this new watch, I'm just sad that one day the series 8 will release with even more stuff...I upgraded from a Nike Series 3 Apple Watch.  It's probably more than I need, I don't think I have used half the features of this watch.  I do like the new faces for it though.  I have local temp, my activity count, and messages at hand so I don't have to take my phone out while teaching.   I really enjoy this upgrade.Awesome upgrade from a series 4. Love this watch. Very satisfiedAwesome!! Watch works well and performs great. Battery life is amazing and the screen it the perfect sizeI really like it, great size and very handy . I recommend it.I bought this watch for my Husband, he absolutely loves it and loves the fact that it is Nike.Apple does it again. The beast Apple Watch I ever purchased, Large and Easy to read display. Much better than my previous Watch 4 44mm. This 45 mm is great for my eye sight. Best Buy sales rep convinced me and took my older model as a trade-in.I bought this Apple Watch 7 for my husband 60 th birthday….I have one and I knew he would enjoy having one also….he loves the way it looks and all the information and data that work on the phone…it said it is crazy all the think you can do with this watch….so happy he love his present.I replaced Apple Watch SE with Watch 7, the new version has slightly larger display, which is significant when compared to the SE model. The watch charges faster as well, takes about 45 to go from 20% to 100%. Overall not a huge upgrade from SE but satisfied with the product.Apple watch is the best on the market hands down by fRGreat watch. Delivered quickly by Best Buy.  Easy ordering online. 
It was quick to setup with my iPhone and looking forward to using Fitness+I really like this watch, it’s great size and very handy.Love it better than my old one. Battery lasts longerEverything great except battery. If you use it heavily, fitness tracking 1-2 hours a day, answering calls, many notifications it barely reach evening 8 or 9 pm with 10% battery left. If that works for you then it is ok. I used to track sleep so worn all day long.I have been using iPhone since 2007 and finally, I convinced myself to get myself an Apple Watch, even though I don't see the need for it, I am still pleased with the purchase.Love it upgraded from Apple Watch series 2 to the 7 and WOW if you have an older Apple Watch definitely worth the upgrade and you can even trade your old watch in and save money off purchasing the new Watch with your trade in value…Best Apple Watch to date! I almost didn’t upgrade but I’m so glad I did. The oximeter is very accurate I use it all the time. At first I constantly compared it against two professional oximeter’s, it was crazy accurate. Perfect for a Covid world! The ekg saved my life revealing I had AFIB that I didn’t know I had.I love my Apple Watch, I use it to track sleep and health. This is my third one now.
It was brand new I loved it, no scratches or anything I liked it and will definitely buy from you guys againApple Watch Series 7 - 45mm is great smart watch to have. Nike Series adds nice watch band, which I prefer for work outs.Reasonable cost comparing to other shops. Especially, good to buy open box.I really love my new Apple Watch, I needed to buy a new one to replace the serie 3 after more than 4 years.Excelente! I am enjoying this watch!!! Better than my old series 6Very Happy with the purchase.Hopefully battery can keep more longerBest purchase I’ve made. Amazing features, great quality.Still the best at what it does.  Tried the Fitbit for a few months then went back to Apple Watch.  Had the series 1 and 4.  Spendy but stylish and somewhat average now apple has sold so manyI have been using these watches for years now. The watch is very practical. I have it synced with my work cell. It reminds me about important meetings, emails, and texts. Definitely worthy the investment.Great watch for working out great features would purchase againApple does it again , excellent compatibility with the IPhone 12 Pro Max. Great features coming of the original Apple Watch, wish I invested sooner!Upgraded from a series 3 watch....love how easy this one is to read.Sleek look plus great reliability, ease of use and performanceReally enjoying the series 7 Nike apple watch.  The speed is so much faster and graphics better.  Can do a lot more with this watch!Very nice Apple watch. I am still learning things about it. It will take time to figure it all out. It was a good purchase and something I have wanted for two years at least. I love it.Bought this watch several months ago and it was a good purchase. Wear it for work and to go out.  Durable.Love my new Apple Watch. Hard to buckle but manageable.Great Battery Life, great display and i love ow the watch bullies you into washing your hands a bit longer than you may be used to lol.I purchased this watch as a birthday present for my son. Great looking watch and he likes it so far.Love it.  Band holes keep my wrist from sweating from all day wear.  Sometimes get rash from solid band on other Apple Watch.  Easy to see 44 mm face.
Awesome band and watch. Comfortable and screen is a huge improvement from previous watch versions.Great fit and look.  It is very comfortable to wearThe shipped was fast get my order the next day and my my girlfriend is loving her new watch and the battery life is impressiveBest Apple Watch on the market hands down. Everything is fast about it even the recharge time which is a full charge in under an hour.Cool Apple Watch.  Stands out a lot more than the other ones.The Apple Watch was given to me as a gift and I must say it’s a must have and must wear everyday. The added convenience it offers for texts and phone calls is awesomeI have really enjoyed the new Apple Watch!!! Best Buy had an Apple specialist in store who was very knowledgeable and helpful with the purchase.That’s great. I love this watch because usefully. Ofcoursei really love my new apple watch . the big screen is awesome and the big is greatThe watch is really good. The features with the help of software provided motivates you to complete goals as per your requirement and helps you stay active. The software is smooth as well, have not experienced any glitches till now. The only problem is if you keep the always on display, the battery barely lasts a day.Charges quickly. Seems to last longer than the 6 that i also use at night to monitor my heart rate at night for my AFIB. Has all my favorite Apps and has more functionality.Excelente Apple product! I’ve never had any problems with apple the only thing I kind hate is battery lifeThis watch is amazing and slightly larger than the old ones and makes a difference.Very resourceful and easy to use! The wrist band is comfortable and light.Exceptional in every way. Way better than my Series 3 watch. Terrific display and battery, and the ECG function is appreciated.Bought as a birthday gift for my son and he loves it!Bought it as a birthday gift she loves it! So far wearing it daily!This was an open box purchase but the watch was in excellent condition. A little disappointed that a charger no longer comes with the watchGreat Apple product at an affordable price, easy to read and keeps you informedThis is a great watch!  It does everything my old Apple Watch 3 did plus a lot of great features and the face is bigger and more clear.
Can’t say enough.  All the functionality at my fingertips. Connectivity to my iPhone is perfect combo.  No regrets.Aside from its action packed features, it is aesthetically pleasing on your wrist.Great watch with lot of features.
Totally worth each pennyLove my new watch, especially the wrist band. It's so breathable and better than the previous I had.Love it. The watch synchs seamlessly. It’s the best way to track my run.Love it! Extremely easy to use and the battery life is great.Amazing product. Love the functionality! Very useful in day to day tasks!Bought as a graduation gift, he was thrilled!  We purchased with the Nike bandWatch works great of course with iphone. just wish battery life was better. apple worries too much about appearance. hopefully in a few years they will have one that will make it a full weekend. Until then i will take my powerbrick to charge. it is a great product and if you have an iphone i would get one. Would definately recommend a case covering. I purchased the Raptic one that covers the screen and main watch also from best buyThe best watch I've ever owned! Easy to use and awesome colorLove my watch. It’s my first watch, and it’s been so easy to use and also I keep in track with my health like steps taken and blood pressure!Good product works way better then the series 4. Would recommend to anyone looking for a Apple Watch.Great upgrade coming from the gen. 2 watch.  Nice large screen!Wife is really loving the bigger screen coming from her old Appe Watch 3You cannot go wrong here. 
If you are about to buy this watch, then you did your homework.
Yes, go ahead and pull the trigger! You will NOT regret it!Awesome watch from apple, durable light and overall greatNice gadget. I don’t use it to much but comes in handy sometimes at the gym listening to musicThis apple watch is very good I love it  is very fantastic.One of the best smart watches in the market for appleLove the watch. It has more features than my previous Apple Watch.
I like the bigger screen, battery life seems to be a little better abs the keyboard option for texting is a nice change. It does take some getting use toGreat watch as a gift for a graduate. Syncs seamlessly with phone to keep track of a lot of things.Love the bigger screen on the new apple watches.  Also enjoying some new features.I love my new Apple Watch Nike Series 7 45mm. I had an Apple Watch Series 6 but I really liked the new watch faces they had for the Series 7. I also liked the fact that they had a bigger watch face. So I decided to go for the series 7.Great watch,coming to buy 2 more soon
Great heart rateThis is the best Apple Watch ever! The band is aesthetically gorgeous.The Apple Watch 7 is nice. Especially if you are upgrading from a version that is several years old.Love my Apple Watch. It’s so comfortable and easy to use!Love my new Apple Watch! Great features and works greatNice upgrade from a series 3. I went for the Nike edition since the band is more breathable and I like having the fitness apps while working out in the gym.Very nice wish they made more Nike bands battery life is greatThis is a nice device, and very helpful. I like wearing this.Excellent for a smart watch & good for a fitness tracker. The only thing preventing me from giving it an excellent is the battery life. I’ve had Fitbit & Garmin, but Apple appears to have the shortest battery time. I just charge it before going out for a run & all is good!Love this Apple Watch! Best one yet, easy to use. The new keyboard feature is nice!A good buy. Feels comfortable and working fine so far.Excellent! Works great! Purchased during a sale.
Easy to customizeAwesome watch! Really enjoy the ability to check my blood oxygen level as ekg. I wish the band was a little bit longer, to fit a little bit better around my wrist.Very good overall.  Some of the apps for running don't work well together.  The workout app will download to Strava but not to Nike.  The Nike Run Club app won't share with Strava.  I didn't have these issues with my Garmin.Awesome. Battery lasts all day. Speaker loud and crisp.Pretty much happy with the watch. For me it's simply an upgrade from Series 5 Iwatch.
Great buy and perfect compatibility for all iPhonesGreat watch. Does what an Apple Watch is supposed to do.Jumped from series 2 to this one, it is awesome. I love the Nike facesI'm not an Apple fan, always preferred Samsung phones would love to get the new flip phone.  But I love my apple watch so much that I won't switch. I had an iWatch 4 for a few years and really scratched up and eventually broke the screen, so I needed to upgrade.  I wouldn't have done it otherwise.I’ve had the series 5 for a while and the bigger screen makes a big difference! I also like the battery life.Awesome watch- Apple finally delivers a computer watchGreat product, i love the difference between this series and the previous one, It feels so much better, its faster.LOVE my Series 7 Apple Watch. I upgraded from the Series 2, so it was easy to impress; however, I would strongly recommend this watch to anyone regardless of the model they own.First, I love the color. I had another brand fitness watch that I really liked but this one is awesome and I love it.Absolutely love and use this watch everyday. Never goes unused like my old Samsung watch that seemed more trouble than it was worth. Now I’m back to interacting and loving every second I have with this thingVery nice and multipurpose item to own not only time but many other very useful tasks .Great watch! Lots of nice features that works well with your phone.helps me answering my calls and reading my messagesCool ikjjiokisidjejdidjeiejshdy HhxxhhsduuxhxhxhxhxhWaited long enough and am impressed with the extra options tied to heart rate, blood oxygen etc.
However, a bit disappointed with the lack of faces and additional face optionsExtremely easy and fast.. screen very bright and clearly visible in most condition.Upgraded from series 5 which I gave to my fiancé for Christmas. Same quality as before with a larger screen area and oxygen sensor. Seems a bit faster but overall I live this watch as much as my last. Highly recommendGreat price and quality. No wait as they had it on hand.This watch may have saved my life. It registered an irregular heartbeat. I was able to get to my doctors in time to diagnose Atrial Fibulation. We are in the process of getting it correctedGot the Nike version and not because it breathable sports band and a few more faceplates.  This is a very good watch.
Mom loves it it fun helpful when she works it can get wet so its goodLove the new series 7. Best so far. Apple finally got it perfectGreat watch the best they have made so far!!! I definitely recommend this watchGreat watch. I bought it as a grad gift to my son. He loves it so much.The best gift to give someone. He loves it so much!I purchased 2 of these for my sons as gifts.  Impressed with the technology.  Unfortunately, as with many new Apple items, the charging cord was no longer fitted with a USB plug.  Had to by a new charging adapter that accepts the new type plug that came with the watches.  Nobody told me about this change at the time of purchase.  The watches could not be charged on xmas day using my iphone charger.Dont regret it. Best i watch ever, fits perfect and looks  niceGreat watch works as expected I like the Nike appsI like the watch so much, my cad bought for me on my birthdaysDoes everything a regular apple watch does with nike run club preinstalled and a couple nike watch faces.I bought my husband the new Apple Watch 7 for Christmas and decided I needed one for myself. I love the new larger screen and the Nike sport watch band. Great watch for everyday wear.AMAZING, This Apple Watch hasn’t failed me, it does take some getting to use to if you never had a smart watch like myself but it will be amazing once you learnI bought this for bigger screen and AOI feature, I'd say it meets all my expectation, 100% recommend.Absolutely love this watch the only thing is the white watch band gets dingy looking after a while, 
Just a reason to have more than one ! LolIt is the best watch that I have seen so far, I really like itLove it, more comfortable & easy to use, overall excellentGreat watch & screen much bigger! Upgraded from Nike series2 well worth it!Great watch! Wrist band doesn’t get sweaty. Very breathable. Watch itself does everything it says it should do. Solid investmentI had a Apple Watch five Series and I figured it was time to update to the seven I really enjoyed my watch I love all Apple's productsMy first smartwatch, I love it! The only thing I wish that music would play straight from the watch, but you can only do phone calls.
Apple continues to have consistently great product in their watches. No issues to dateRetired my Apple Watch 4 series and upgraded to this. No regrats.Not much of a difference compared to the standard watch, barring a few exclusive faces etc. that are only with the nike edition.
Value depends on how actively you use the watch as a companion device, most people will go through the whole day without needing to have a watch at all, while you can be a power user with replies, schedules, songs all being managed through the watch.Great  watch, for the same price as the regular series, the nike version has additional watch faces along with the nike run club app pre installed. Highly recommendMy second apple watch, so far amazing and I’m happy!!Excellent product and I really enjoy being able to use it during workouts and all the faces it provides.Big screen is a huge improvement over series 4 Nike watch!  Better functionality when texting and better battery life.  Buy and you won’t be disappointed.Dependable, useful, great. Even no long last batteryWorks great. Switched over from my Samsung galaxy watch.This watch is great. All apple products in general, but i really like this one.Best watch to date last pretty much 2 days. Great watchGreat watch. I am using daily and it is a must buy. Battery charges faster compared to series 6. The watch is water and dust resistant and brighter compared to series 6Awesome color with best technology i have ever seenA++ lio e the item it’s apple and it’s a unique color super.It's just as good as my first one.xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxBest watch ever love it has everything you ever need in oneI like my Apple Watch will recommend to my friends and familyI went from Series 1 to Series 3 to now Series 7. Nice upgrade and love the new big screen! I’ve always wanted the Nike version of the watch and it’s great. Amazing display. Bigger and better.  The battery charges faster.I am amazed by all this watch does. I was skeptical on purchasing. I didn't think I would like or use it. I was totally wrong. It is awesome. I would recommend this to everyone.Love the watch so far I upgraded from a series 4 to a series 7 and it’s worth it.
My second Apple Watch but not my last.  Love it for the safety measures built in.  Now I have servers 7 but I’ll be there for 8, 9, and beyonfpd.Easy watch to sync. my son loves this
watch. Breathable bandPreviously had a Apple Watch 4. I like this one even more! I can tell a difference between the 44 & 45mmLove everything about it. The fit is perfect. I wish it had come with the adapterComing from a series 1 to this was a crazy good improvement! Much much speedier and I love the bigger screen. Not that interested in the health features. I do enjoy the always on display.Jumped to this from a Series 5.  Faster and the battery does seem to last longer and that's a GREAT thing!  Love the quicker charging and the Nike extra faces are pretty sweet!This has to be the best smart watch on the market. Better than any other brad and out thereLove apple product! Love the bigger screen! The best watch and I don’t wear any other watch.Bought this watch to assist me with my path to a healthier life style!!Love it, first I-watch and took a little while to get used to it.Excellent watch, love the battery life and o2 sensorGreat product! Fit well and report heart rates correctlyWorth the wait! I love new my watch. It is a great deviceBest Apple Watch by far. I upgraded from the series 6 and is noticeable difference.I really like my Apple Watch, just wondering if I should of got the cellular one!Like My wife said, the best gift ever that she had! is the same word that my 11Y/O daughter said to me too. highly recommended to your family and friends. and to everyoneLove my apple 7 watch would not buy anything else,I had the series 6 upgraded to the 7 and loving the bigger screen.Great works awesome. Best upgrade. Well worth it.I have a series 3 before. It’s worth the update.The setup was super easy… makes tracking your progress while working out super easy to do… moved from the series 2 42mm to this one and the extra 3mm makes a diff for sure
Great watch!! I’ve always used Apple Watch and this watch is greatHad the get this particular model for this particular band. Well worth it.Love the watch and the screen is awesome! I really like how it is pretty much the full screen so you can actually use apps easier.Excellent smartwatch very recommend. The battery life will be better the new type C is fast to fast chargeOverall a great watch and sleek design. Love the Nike watch faces.It is an excellent watch - so many features, even more than I originally knew.  Shipping was fast too!  The sales help at Best Buy is the BEST!My watch was perfect! Came right on time and everything was great.Does exactly what it's supposed to do. Recommended.Nice watch but I can’t justify the extra dollars for the Nike edition, all you get is a sport band and Nike watch faces.This is my 4th apple watch. Love it! Fast response and accurate.I love my Nike watch! This is my second one! This is a good purchase!Great new pole watch.  I love the large screen.  It seems more sensitive to my movements then my previous Apple Watch.The Apple Watch 7 is nice. Especially if you are upgrading from a version that is several years old.
But beware, it only comes with a charger that is USB C. So if you don’t already have a usb power brick or old Watch charger, you have to buy that and won’t be able to charge your watchWas looking for a watch for my daughter, she had the iwatch 3 and it was time for an upgrade… Great watch highly recommendEl nuevo Apple Watch series 7 de 45mm edición Nike /)Great watch. Just upgraded and it was the best decision I made.Upgraded from an older one and it was with it with the features and facesGreat Product. I mostly use it for running and keeping up with daily activities to ensure I am mostly active. It works really well with the IphoneBought this for my wife the Apple Watch series 7 is awesomeTraded in my series 5 for this one.  Love the bigger display.
AWesome works awesome my husband has always been an Android man and he finally converted over to Iphone and he's loving this new gadget definitely recommend!I really like this watch..so many pluses. So versatile.- this watch is everything I needed and more. I couldn’t be happier with my purchase. The bouncing Nike logos are perfect. And the fact that it can launch Nike Run App with just a touch, is amazing. I’m still not sure how I lived without it. The walkie-talkie feature is nice, I can keep in touch with my spouse even when we are far away. Yes texting and phone calls can be done, but where’s the fun in that. I also find that I am using Siri more often, with my watch. And also the audio messages I can send are much easier. Such a top tier feature the ability to type on the watch keyboard.  It’s even funner when both you and your spouse or friend have the Apple Watch, because you can easily send them a lil tap to let you know that you miss them.  And if none of that was enough to convince you to buy it, then I’m not sure what is. The watch is sexy, the band is sexy, so simple and fun to use.Great watch. We had a problem with the shipment. Customer service helped us and got our watch to us on time for ChristmasGreat watch.  Very easy to pair and use with my phone. Will buy again.This is again amazing product from Apple!!! Really liked it. Battery backup is better and screen size difference is visible.Using this since day one! Be careful if you do not have a screen protector cause it does scratch!Super cool great watch looks really nice highly recommend!This is the watch that does it all! A must buy. Great for health conscious people.Love this Watch Apple products are the best 100!!!Functional and comfortable. Very nice on the eyes as wellGreat product. Exactly what you would expect when dealing with an apple product.love this watch i run all the time with it and look at it to muchLoving the watch, I don't leave home without it its very useful.Aye man hands down this doesn’t need a review the watch speaks for itselfLove my Apple Watch. My 4th one I’ve had and they get better every time I upgrade. Can’t go wrong with themNice quality, excellent performance, worth its valueThis is a great watch.  Functions amazing with the iPhone.  The only downfall is with the GPS.  I am a runner and the GPS distances are very far off compared to the Garmin, my vehicle and map my run.Get addition to my workout tracking
It is for an active lifestyle 
Great information and data on daily basisGreat watch. If you have smaller wrist I recommend the smaller watch
Great watch for athletes. Comfortable fit, flexible band and easy to read.Great watch!! Good deal!! Best watch! Apple products are must have! Best Buy has the best deals!!Not apples best product. I have laptops, tablets, phone, airpods and I think this is their weakest product in their lineup. If you're a serious runner, get a garmin.Work great as mentioned great apple products like itLarge screen, and comfortable band. I upgraded from a apple watch 5 and this is so much better.As always, apple products are awesome, and this watch is really good. I’m really enjoying the large screen.Dope watch. Upgrade from series 3 Nike watch ..this has larger screen and very fast and responsiveGreat look and function.  Can’t go wrong with Nike!Apple watch with a lot of functions, but if you use the watch always you have to recharge it every 24 hours. Very good screen.Love this applewatch, it's very comfortable and I can always read the time even without glasses.Upgraded from the Series 5 and I love it! Was worried the 45mm would be too bulky but it fits perfectly.Amazing, love it. Watch shipped fast and arrived by fed ex… so happy with this purchaseGreat watch large face. This was for the wife she loves it. Had to replace her series 1Love the watch! It does as advertised. Could use better battery life.
BUT - BestBuy has a few screws loose! Who in their right mind sents a $450 watch using regular First Class mail??? Not Priority which at least has some insurance, but FIRST CLASS???This was very hard to find but Best Buy came through for me. Works as expected. No complaints.Very pleased, very nice upgrade over the Series 3.Love the new watch with the bigger screen. I would recommend.Huge screen , great color and works fantastic, way better then the original one I hadExcellent Watch; it's straightforward to use. The apple watch 7 has outstanding quality.Great smartwatch. Its my daily partner now. Must buy thing.
Bought as a gift for my girlfriend to replace her old watchI love my new Apple Watch so much and I upgraded from a series 4 and wouldn’t change a thingFirst Apple Watch ever owned and loving every minute(hours and seconds too) with it!wonderful upgrade to my series 4.  battery life us better with a screen thats bright and clear.It’s an Apple Watch.  You know what your gonna get.  The technology of apple is second to noneHad to update my wife's Apple Watch and she loves the Nike Series 7! No issues and works great.Awesome watch. Battery life is much better than my gen 1. Wouldn’t hesitate to buy again.Love love the bigger screen, love my Apple Watch, really like the colors.. Nike definitely needs more of a selection with colorsGreat watch. Owned previous  apple watches and this is the best till 8 comes outLike all things Apple, this watch is Fantastic.  Love it.Love my new watch. I would recommend this to anyone.This was a gift for my wife.  She had the series two so this was a pretty large jump in size and performance.  She loves it!Just as expected! Apple makes quality items! Holds a great charge and has a great screen!Love the new Apple Watch 7 45mm. Very pleased with my purchase.Like the look and feel of this watch. Not too heavy, sportyGot it open box so did not know what to expect. But it was in great shapeExcellent product. Battery life can better. I would recommend it.Love this new Apple Watch! Had a series 4 and upgraded to the 7. Happy with everything so far.This is by far the best version of the Apple watch yet (as it should be).Bought for my grandson and he loves it. This was a Christmas present
Love the series 7 but wish there was more flexibility of different bands like Apple doesThe best Apple watch ever made. Improved the battery and the screen it is rely nice on.Feels perfect on your wrist , very practical with good performance.Love this watch. I’ve always wanted the Nike version of the watch and it’s amazing.Nice smart watch, it has EKG, heart rate monitor and oxygen saturation monitor. It also tracks your daily activity and exercise. It connects well with my iphone.I could care less for watches, but the wife loves it. So if she’s happy I’m happyThis is my first Apple Watch and I love it
I use my Apple Watch to track my excises love all the features and it really keeps me on track with my exercise.  It is a little bit expensive but I really recommendGave away for company Christmas Gifts and the winner loves there new watchGet this watch if you have never purchased a iwatch! Game changer!!!This is a great product.  I purchased it as a gift after buying one for myself.Very comfortable.  Nice to not carry my phone with me everywhere.Only complaint I have about the watch is the battery life.  I have to charge it every day and an half to two days.  Other than that, I love the watch.Awesome watch! Did wait 3 weeks for it but worth the wait! Like the exclusive faces for the watchGood Apple product. Upgraded from a series 2 so there was a nice big difference.This is my first Apple Watch and I love it. Very useful with getting messages and tracking fitnessExelent for fitness you can check everything with out check your phoneGreat watch! Very high tech, easy function’s. Is great if you are an athlete. Too many functions to list.Great item I love it and excellent costumer serviceApple for life, Great watch and I will buy it againThis is the best Apple Watch yet!  The battery and screen are awesome!!!
Loving this midnight color. Got a great discount using bestbuy credit card offerVery big screen! I can even type on it to text people back. Upgrading from a series 4.Love the bigger screen, especially reading text messagesThe wait for this watch was worth it, love the display screenNike series is superb the watch themes are awesomeWow what a wonderful watch and the big screen makes it one of my best smart watchFantastic watch! My first Apple Watch and I’m so glad this is the one I got!Very light weight a handy tool for an active lifestyleWatch is smaller than I expected.  Screen is nice and sharp.  Try to buy open box if you can.45mm seems like small I had 44mm before.
just upgrade for new tech it is been 2yr.Good item really good quality I would definitely recommendIt's great to have a Nike watch face. Also, the big screen is nice.Love the watch and it’s functions first Apple Watch I bought and glad I didChristmas gift for my children they love it nike limited editionChristmas gift for my children they love it nike limited editionWorks like it should. Breathable and wonderful and works like it shouldLove love love this! 
The watch is nice and light on the wrist!Great watch. Does exactly what it is designed for. Really well balanced.Trade in my Series 6 and good thing I did. This is an awesome upgrade.So far so good, like the bigger screen compared to my first Nike watch
Fantastic screen. I love the fact that it works seemly with my iPhone.Great watch definitely a big improvement from the last model.Excellent watch. Great customer service. Picked up was super easy.Love this item,perfect work………………………………………………………….Good watch customer service picking it up was amazing and hassle freeHave to replace every two years, apple makes moneyTypical Apple, easy set up and does everything it’s supposed to.Third version of I watch that I’ve had and it’s nice with larger face and other upgrades they’ve made.  Battery life is still not stellar (1.5 days) because of all of the connectivity to iPhone/apps.Excellent product. Recommend to everyone excellent.Love it, if you work out, run! This is the watch for you!!!I love this watch, I use it a lot whenever I’m unable to use my cell phone.The new apple watch series 7 is a great and functional gadgetGreat over all, really satisfied with this productEXCELENTE Apple Watch, ES HERMOSO EL DISEÑO.
SIN DUDAS, UNA BUENA COMPRA.Excellent product purchased which arrived much earlier compared to Apple.My son loved it and thought it was the best present ever.Just upgraded from an Apple watch series 4. So far am loving the new watch!Slightly bigger screen, battery lasts longer than my Gen 3 watch.very nice product, buying it for the first time and loving itAwesome watch, great quality, definitely better than an android watch
Great watch overall fits comfortably when jogging A+It is good it is like like an excercise I love Apple WatchLike the bigger, and brighter screen. Fast charging is a plus.Love the bigger display, Larger watch faces available now because of itLove it better than other versions use it daily lolAmazing watch, very good apps and easy to navigate.Upgraded from a series 2 and it was worth the upgrade.Great watch. Replaced my Apple Watch 6. Love the display qualityLove the sports model. Got it for someone for Christmas.I love this watch
Went from a ver 2 to v7
Screen is incredibleThe technician was very thorough and knowledgeable.This watch seems to be good except that the battery won't last.  You will have to charge it every day.Best watch ever can do so many things great for working outGreat live the watch big upgrade from my series 4 40mmI had a series 4 and this is a series 7 and I love itThis this is awesome. Apple Maps with Watch is fantastic.My favorite Apple Watch so far! Love the Nike version as wellGreat watch as expected! I like the larger display.Love, nice comfy and amazing, free fitness for 3 months is amazingi love this watch so much . i would recommend this watch
With Best Buy, you always find the best 
Thank youFast charging.   Battery have a long life.  3 days.Overall a small upgrade from the series 5, from still the best smartwatch in the marketPurchased to replace my series 3 watch and couldn't be happier.Must buy, I love it. Best Apple Watch ever. AmazingUpgraded from a series 5 you cant hardly spot the differences. but the watch is nice and if youve never owned an apple watch i highly recommend itLove everything about the watch except the battery life. My Fitbit lasted much longer than the Apple Watch:(Best Apple Watch yet. Fast shipping! Thank you, Bestbuy!Amazing display. Bigger and better.  The battery charges faster.Hoping to get all black color. Great battery life and display.Only missing thing still remains in Apple watch is good sleep tracking. Rest, 5/5Love the watch and would recommend. The large screen is great.Seems to glitch here and there , I am having to put my pass code in again even after wearing it for an hourNot what I need lol but ok !! Looks ok Tbh !!!!!!!!Great watch seams to do everything. I feel like it is over priced watchPretty much the 6 with a few extras.  Still a solid watch. I have the 6 and only upgraded because my son wanted an Apple Watch.The watch is going to be great but had some problems shipping at firstThis is my first Apple Watch, I had owned for almost a month. I like it a lot, I am obsessed with closing my circles every day. It’s a very easy to use watch. I do have one complaint though but it’s not Apple’s fault, it’s Nike’s fault. I bought this watch mainly because I thought I could have my Nike Running App Guided Running Plans in the watch, but to my dismay no, that can not be possible. I do have access to the Guided Runs but that’s not what I wanted. I thought that since the watch is a Nike Apple Watch it all would sync like a charm but no. I got hold of a Nike elite tech advisor and he told me that at the moment that was not possible, that I would have to start the guided plan on the phone app and the watch would record the time , pace, heart rate etc. So my plan to leave the phone behind on my runs wasn’t going to work. I thought that it would work like my Garmin watch, on that watch I can save my running  plans and just press start on watch and go, no phone required. I almost returned the  watch just because of this, but at the end I keep it. It does have a lot of features that are fun and actually productive. All I have to keep in mind is even though is advertised as a “ running or working out “ watch, is not a dedicated running watch, I have owned several Garmin and Polar watches so I know what a running or multi sports watch can do. I would keep running with my Garmin on one wrist and the  on the other, got to close those circles hehe. Bottom line, the  watch is a fun tiny extension of my iPhone with lots little things to do with it. It is a smart watch no doubt about I just wish it was more hard core active. Because as it is there’s virtually no difference between the Nike model and the regular  model, none whatsoever.Great upgrade.  I took off one star because the white band clashes with the color of the watch.Apple Watch Nike Series 7 (GPS)  45 mm Midnight Aluminum Case with Anthracite/Black Nike Sport Band
The watch was in good condition and great for a gift. Although, there is no sound that comes out of it (no it’s not on mute) and I had sent it Apple, just for them to tell me that there is nothing wrong with it.Apple couldn’t get my order right but Best Buy made it happen.Nice Watch but not worth the upgrade from series 6!Great new midnight blue color. Bigger screen and now can read more from watch!Good enough watch, does what it's supposed to, nothing spectacularI like to monitor my heart bit and any changes that will notify meThis was my first ever Apple Watch purchase. I was a little skeptical at first because my watch kept going dead very fast and I thought about returning it right away, but now it holds a charge all day.Great watch but very disappointed that the charger did not work. Since there is nowhere in Bozeman MT to buy Apple products, we had to purchase a generic from Walmart. This was a gift. My daughter still loves the watch.I love all the new features of this Nike Series 7 Apple Watch! Bigger face surface for easier readability and access to apps. New face designs are great and Nike integrations make tracking activity fun.The only complaint I have is the battery need to be charged every 24 hours or less.Love the watch, I hold a Best Buy credit card and so far am happy with it. Best Buy does a good job with shipping and prices -for brand new items- 
          As far as the Apple Watch, it is what it is, you buy them knowing there’s going to be a cooler one out in a year. Honestly, I’m kinda disappointed Apple hasn’t implemented a circular design yet. But I am happy with this watch, it displays a lot of information at the glance of a wrist. But, like I said, there’s always a cooler one around the corner. For example, next generation Apple Watches should have blood sugar sensors, and possibly a design rework. 
          It’s a little bit different with a new phone coming out every year when compared to a new Apple Watch coming every year. Because Apple adds, and very well withholds, new technology for future models. 
          That being said, the blood oxygen, heart beat sensor, and new EKG capabilities all work great. Though, I am looking forward to being able to monitor blood sugar health with new generations, as I’m sure a lot of diabetics are probably excited for this technology to appear as well.battery easy to discharge- good only for 1 day- omyIt’s a great watch but needs a longer battery life like my Fitbit, it lasted twice as longThis watch is perfect for me. The battery performance is not great. You will need to charge this watch daily if you use most of the highlighted feature of this phone. I do think it is  overpriced and I am happy that I got it at a discounted price. I am impressed with the screen size and the many watch bands.This watch is great and is the best one I have owned! I'm a nurse and can't always have my phone out and one of the major things I love about this watch is that I can actually type out a message unlike the others where you would have to scribble out a message. Love this watch! I should have bought a screen protector or bumper for the watch though because it does scratch easily.It’s a nice watch, I really like it, I just hope it also have a blood pressure measurementOverall the Apple Watch Series 7 Nike is amazing.  I returned the Starlight color and replaced with Midnight.  The Starlight had to much gold in the silver, which is very pretty looking but not what I was looking for as I wanted either true Silver or Black.  So just noting that in case you want a silver Apple Watch, this one is quite different from Series 6, but is aptly named and does represent starlight.Not the biggest difference from the 5 or 6. So might as well get an older model for cheaper.  Or keeping Im your older watch.Poor i got scammed by best buy. Product missing and no response by the teamI've been hooked on Fitbit as a fitness tracker for the past 10 years, I have been an iPhone user for the past 12 years and casual MacBook user and really still struggled with the decision to move over to this Apple system. I tried an older Apple watch years ago and it just didn't do enough on the heath side to warrant the switch. When the 7 came out and a lot of the health / fitness features were improved i decided to give it a shot again since my Fitbit was smashed. Ultimately I am glad I did. 
The configuration can be a little time consuming, getting everything to talk to one another but ultimately I'm happy with the switch. 
The fitness tracking is not as robust as the Fitbit but the majority of what a non hardcore fitness enthusiast needs is there.
The ONLY thing that really drives me nuts is no built in continuous heart rate capabilities. There are some third party apps but they are not great overall.
Battery life is better than expected but i turned off the always on feature. That gets me about 2 days worth of battery. One day with it on. I just make it habit of charging it when i get to work so i can wear it to sleep and get sleep stats.
It was beyond time to upgrade my old Apple Watch and since my eyesight is getting worse, I decided to go with the larger watch face and I'm glad I did.  It makes it more user-friendly for me.  I really like the new health features of the Series 7.  Very happy with this watch.Apple watches have established a nice legacy of quality, timely updates, increasing features and being very very simple to use.  I have owned Apple watches since the day Series 1 came out.  This watch is no exception.  The series 7 continues very nicely on that legacy.It’s the most expensive Apple Watch, but also the best one. The SE was nice, but had a noticeably smaller screen, and I kind of wanted the Always On Display that the 6 and the 7 series have.
In addition, the battery lasts a little longer, and I liked the Nike band that came on this model. Saved me some money on getting one after the fact.
What really surprised me was how good this watch makes good old fashioned phone calls. The call quality is impressive and it’s so much more convenient than holding an iPhone 13 ProMax in my hand. Lol
I’m super impressed!I returned it because it was a duplicate gift. They said I would get a refund in 5 business days. It has been over 10 days now. I just want my refund so I don't have to pay that bill and then have to fight to get that money back. They make you jump through hoops and wait forever.Don't ever order anything from best buy! They will double charged you. They double charged me for this Apple watch. Tried to dispute the claim but denied. WOW! I thought social media will be a great place to start making cruel comments about best buy!!!A stylish/preppy watch with many features and faster compared to previous models. Love the ease of sending text messages and making phone calls.Phone was returned because it kept locking up the only way to get it to function was to put it on the chargerSo far so good. Pairs great with my iPhone and has tremendous range away from the phone. Price could be a little lower, but satisfied with my purchase. The O2 monitor is a nice feature. The ECG reading is limited but pretty cool.Be careful if you go with the open box option, this watch wouldn’t turn on or hold a charge out of the box. I had to return it.Constantly restating itself, only had about a month and it resets almost every 15 mins. Known Apple issueLove it!!!  I am sold on apple products and the series 7 did not disappoint.  I previously had a series 3 which I bought several years ago just to try out the apple watch and to see if I would actually wear it, I did so when it was time to upgrade I was excited for the series 7.  I love the fact that I don't have to set it to water proof, it does this on its own.  The O2 function is great and the actual EKG is amazing.Upgraded from Series 3.  Nice improvements of watch face size and features.Beautiful design.  Nice upgrade to my old Iwatch.  Love the upgraded ECG feature.The Apple Watch 7 has all the features that help you stay up to date with your personal health information and goals (which is what I use it for). It's nice to customize the different faces so you see what you want to see when you look at it. I also like that the apps can be seen in a list. The only thing missing is having it take my blood pressure, which I doubt will ever be possible! The only negative is that you do need to find a compatible charger, which can be expensive if you want a stand-type charger that includes your phone. Otherwise, it does take extra long to charge.Had a Fitbit and thought that was ok but this is a huge upgrade. Super easy to use the fitness features. Love the band also.Bought as gift.  Upgrading my wife to the latest version.  She likes the new features and the style of the Nike band.  Good soup.I love the upgrades on the watch. The screen size is way better and easier to see.The new Apple Watch has more features and is easier to navigate than the previous models.Works great! Nice and sleek. Watch is the perfect size and shape.Bought this to track my fitness and it has been very instrumental. Looks great and is very easy to use
Upgraded from Apple Watch Series 6.  For most the upgrade from 6 is probably not worth it; however, I wanted to change from silver to the midnight color—which is a flat black with a tint of blue—very cool.  The 02 and ECG are cool features but I am not using them as much as I thought I would.  My sleep app integrates O2 data which adds another layer of data that I really appreciate.  Love the watch, we’ll done Apple!My Package didn't come in it's saying delivered I can't get in touch with nobody to talk to .This watch is a great upgrade over the previous versions.  Coming from a 4 my favorite feature is the alway on display - but i have also come to appreciate the faster charging which allows you to use the watch for a sleep monitor wearing it 24 hours a day because you can get a near full charge with only 30 minutes of charging.  Overall this is the most solid and comprehensive wearable out on the market today.First time owning an Apple Watch and I love it. Weather, messages, and so many other great features at your fingertips. Also has a feature to ping your phone if you misplace it which is nice.love it!  large UI - water proof - pretty easy to set it up - what else can you ask for - this is my 2nd apple watch - 1st one was a 3rd gen but this series 7 has far better features and im very happy with this purchase.Series 7- awesome watch with great features. The extra feature for medical issues especially AFIB is a real plus.  Great watch to track your workouts charging lasts longer. Really like this watch.Late arrival,supposed to be Christmas present,came afterUpgraded from Series 3.  One thing I love is the full keyboard for texting - this is much easier than drawing each letter out for texting.  I also like the fact if I fall or be injured, it will alert first responders.  The fitness also seems to be more accurate on this watch.A very good watch to own. I had Apple series 1 and upgraded to 7.  It charges very fast and lasts long.  I liked the new features like ECG..Amazing update from Nike Apple Watch 2 to Nike Apple Watch 7!  Absolutely recommend this to anyone who is into tracking fitness.  The battery life is great and this is full featured.I am coming to the Apple Watch Series 7 from the Series 3.  The improvements are stunning as is the accuracy of my calories/steps/mileage workout info.  
I really liked the Nike styling, so I went for it.  It comes at a price, but you're getting quality.Great looking watch and I love the new larger screen. This is my third Apple Watch in the last 5 years and I’m happy to report they are all still working perfectly. I upgrade every couple years just because I want to never because of a problem.Great Best Buy price . Best anywhere .  Very nice watch for my 17 years old . Got it for him because he got straight A’s at schoolStill the best; it has everything you need and more. You need to get one to see what you have been missing all this time. It’s a geek fest, but very friendly to use. Health wise, fitness wise, communication wise, trendy wise: all the top.This is my third Apple Watch and they’ve all worked well. I love the always on display that this features.A great watch for a very fair price.  The help at Best Buy was perfect.Love the bigger screen and new color! Band is awful color but cheap bands are everywhere!Best smart watch out there hands down. The health features are a great tool to use if you are looking to get into shape.Absolutely love my Apple Watch.  I thought the 45mm would look bulky, but it's the perfect size and the display looks great. Love this as my first Apple Watch.Nice and east to use. Now with a keyboard it’s easier to send a text message
Love the display and the battery life. The extra screen size makes all the difference.Great watch and price. It also arrived quicker than expected.Beautiful design, big screen 45mm. comfortable would recommended.Apple + nike = you cant go wrong. Easy to use and set upReally happy with my purchase, the battery life and screen size is amazing.Recently purchased the new Apple Nike Watch 7.  It meets all of my expectations for working out, keeping data and looks sleek.Beautiful design, big screen 45mm. Would recommend.Beautiful watch. Apple excellent quality, one can never be wrong with this brand.It’s great, it’s apple it has more specs it does O2 sats.This is again amazing product from Apple!!! Really liked it. Battery backup is better and screen size difference is visible.Excellent price (I was able to price match with Target) and I’m very satisfied with the Apple Watch series 7 44mm.I love my watch!!! Absolutely beautiful and easy to set up.Love the series! Sleek design! Battery life is so much better.I love the size of the watch. The apps that come with the watch are very useful in everyday life.The face keeps getting bigger. Lots of new features vs previous generations.   Great piece of fitness hardware.If you haven't upgraded in a while you should. Lots of great features. Battery life is just ok.Love the watch and the many features, huge step up from the FitBit.I upgraded from a 3 to the 7 and I love the bigger watch face. I also love the added features and the longer battery life.My 1st smartwatch & I love it. I love the Nike faces on it & the band is pretty sporty looking too.Replacement for a nike series 4 Apple watch. Love the o2 feature and larger screen. Happy with purchase.
Love the big screen hate the off silver pink color. I opted for this color as silver aluminum was no longer an option. Once I got it, I noticed immediately how selecting another band was going to be an issue. Now I want a cover. But doesn’t really affect how much I love everything else.Right out of the box this thing rocks. It was easy to set up and is incredibly fast. The screen size is great.Love the larger screen and ease of use during meetings.Super easy to use and great battery life. I have bigger wrists and the 45mm doesn’t look too small.Love this watch. Had the series 5 40mm and got the 45 in this watch! Great screen size and graphics.Great buy. My first apple watch. Great sporty look. I am loving it.Fast to install and easy to use. It only took me about 30 mins to install to my IPhone.This Nike Apple Watch is awesome ! It works very well and looks great !Looks great. Fits the wrist perfectly. Fast processingReally like this apple watch the large screen is great. Nike features are a nice add.Love the overall look and feel of Nike series 7 watchAmazing new features. Love the larger screen. Nice upgrade.I like it so much it’s so stylish and comfortable .Nice upgrade love the new big screen, easy transition from Watch series 6Amazing watch perfect size I would recommend to anyoneGreat features and battery lasts long and is also efficient at chargingAwesome Apple Watch. Sleek design and works awesome. Love itNice upgrade from the 4 series.  Love the watch and all the features.A great watch.  Easy to use and easy to set up. I like the productGreat watch i came series 4 to series 7. Easy to use
Beautiful screen upgrade from the watch 3. My wife loves it. And better battery life too.Easy to use and set up. Fits nice and screen is very clearVery easy to use and with many apps. I love the health appGreat extension of you iPhone and makes tracking your workouts seamless.Best apple watch they have made yet. Love all the new featuresBest smart watch on the market! looks and feels greatGreat watch good price thank you for the purchase.Excellent watch that has all of the bells and whistles! Looks good!Amazing watch! Great features for health monitoring.Beautiful watch. Works super and I really love the appsThe watch looks great and the screen size is very nice.Nice Apple Watch the size is amazing and is more brighterVery happy with the color (really seems black) and size of the new series 7pretty cool looking 
like it so far
design stunningLove the new watch. It's really big and easy to see.Beautiful watch, very happy with it! Love the new screen!Just upgraded to the series 7 and am really pleased. Has a lot of new features and am looking forward to using them.Watch is good. Just like the one I had before. More features than before.Love this watch. I don’t like the band. It itches me so I ordered a new one.It was a gift for my wife. She never had a smart watch but she really likes it. She’s always telling me what all it does.
Nice and sleek! Great work out information. Couldn’t live without it!I like it even better that I expected. I've wanted one ever since they came out. Some of the new health features made my decision.First smartwatch and I love it. It’s nice to be able to see who called or texted without having to get my phone out.I love the Larger Display. It works well with my workout equipment at my Gym. The battery life could use a little work.I love it, 
it’s awesome 
Very happy with this purchaseIt is the series 6 with a new screen i am definitely upgrading to the next one. Battery life is goodPreodered on the first day and a month later still no watch. While order customers gets theres.The Apple watch series 7 is phenomenal and works better than any Android watch I've tried (I go back and forth a lot). All the features work without hassle and the battery life is very good, about a day and a half without the AOD.On order a month now and still no watch.
Hope to get it soon.I updated from a Nike Apple 2 watch to a 7.  I love all the new features and the fast charging with the USB-C.  Good choice!this watch has been best I ever own since series 3 I recommend it its worth the moneyTotal game changer in the Apple Watch game. Sleek and a must have if you love your Apple products.
