Major improvements over my series 3 Apple Watch.  Larger screen. Easy to set up. Better apps.  The ECG was great. So is the blood oxygen info.  It proactively knows I’m doing exercise, and asks if I want to record it. I like the always on and note in the photo how the watch face changes.This is my first Apple Watch.  I had always been skeptical of the cost and always thought “why?” Now I know: It does everything for me, reminds me of appointments, keeps me in check with my health, I enjoy it!I'm very happy with my purchase. This is my first apple watch. I didn't expect it to be so much helpful. With so many different type of sensors it is working continuously. So much helpful product.Finally did an upgrade to the new Apple Watch 8 and what a difference. The 2 was so small compared to the 8 and the face options make it able to customize it. Glad I finally pulled the trigger and updated.State of the Art quality, much faster processor, I like the flexibility of colors with the straps and gives you much more options to customize the face.Transitioned to watch 8 from Fitbit. Feels good to be able to use the watch for texting and calls. Plenty of other features that makes it convenient. Only downside is the battery life if you have always on setting/ live wallpaper/ notifications enabled for all applications. You’ll have to charge it Atleast once every two days.I love this Apple Watch. Brought the watch on nice discounted price  and give surprise to my family  which is love it. Nice design and work good also battery time work out for meI absolutely love it! I can’t live without my Apple Watch! Definitely worth every penny.First Apple Watch, battery is meh compared to galaxy watches but still very nice osGreat watch, it’s stylish and its great for my workout tracking…Very informative for health, comfortable to wear, slick lookingNice watch loved the new design, recommended for everyone.Amazing watch, Best Buy team killed it fast service all around!!Freaking huge upgrade from a series 3 ! Awsome price ! It’s so much nicer!!!A big gap between the watch and the Digital Crown that expose the internal structures.
The watch band doesn’t embed properly that leaves a big gap.
The charger has glue residue all over the cable.
Not a single component that came with the package free from defects.
Will have it returned.I made this purchase after seeing a lot of my friends, teammates and family members use their Apple Watches. I became interested in my own as I am an active walker/hiker, as well as a college athlete, so a smart watch with fitnes tracking abilities was certainly interesting to me. I have loved every second of my new watch. From the different faces to the fitness tracing and ease of use, everything about it has been great. My favorite part, arguably, is how fast it charges from nearly dead to almost full. I can take a shower, brush my teeth and get ready in the morning and my watch will be fully or almost fully charged everytime. Personally it is very much worth the price point. It’s like a second phone on my wrist that I actually have found myself preferring over the use of my actual IPhone X.I’ve had several Apple watches and this is a fairly good upgrade. I find the wrist temperature measurement to be useful, for example it accurately detected when my temperature started to increase when I was getting sick. 
As I’m now wearing it for sleep tracking the battery life is a bit disappointing but the speed that the battery charges when using a decent USB-C charger somewhat makes up for it. 
It’s not a massive upgrade and if my daughter didn’t break her Apple Watch I probably would have stayed with the series 6 instead of giving it to her, but the temperature tracking is useful to me so I’m happy with the purchase.The Apple Watch Series 8 45mm is a great addition to my Apple ecosystem.  It seamlessly integrated and set up quickly.  I had to wait until my new iPhone 14 Pro Max arrived to set it up; as I had been running on the iPhone 6.  While the 6 had a Watch app, it was too old to set up the Series 8.  I use the watch daiily to monitor some health apps for an upcomming proceedure and am very happy with the watch.  Only issue is the band.  The way it tucks in under itself tends to pull arm hair at first. Its a minor thing, but a daily nususanceSteady improvement from Apple in the wearable category. Camera, health and general usability features definitely an improvement.  Some of the health features are a good first step but advances are needed for example before the temperature sensor can truly measure body temperature.  And still can’t figure out why the watch tells me it’s time to stand in the middle of the night.  So far I get a little more than 24 hrs on battery most days but it charges pretty quick. Still a solid buyGot it a week ago. Girlfriend loves it as she never had an Apple Watch before. Really nice 45m screen. Very smooth, fun little thing if you go for runs or work out.  I have a series 3 and besides for the ECG I really don’t see that much reason to upgrade. My series 3 that’s 5 years old lasts almost as long as the series 8 on battery life. Kinda wild to me. But if you never had one it’s definitely worth it when it’s on sale!
Major improvements over my series 3 Apple Watch.  Larger screen. Easy to set up. Better apps.  The ECG was great. So is the blood oxygen info.  It proactively knows I’m doing exercise, and asks if I want to record it. I like the always on and note in the photo how the watch face changes.This is my first Apple Watch.  I had always been skeptical of the cost and always thought “why?” Now I know: It does everything for me, reminds me of appointments, keeps me in check with my health, I enjoy it!I'm very happy with my purchase. This is my first apple watch. I didn't expect it to be so much helpful. With so many different type of sensors it is working continuously. So much helpful product.Finally did an upgrade to the new Apple Watch 8 and what a difference. The 2 was so small compared to the 8 and the face options make it able to customize it. Glad I finally pulled the trigger and updated.State of the Art quality, much faster processor, I like the flexibility of colors with the straps and gives you much more options to customize the face.Transitioned to watch 8 from Fitbit. Feels good to be able to use the watch for texting and calls. Plenty of other features that makes it convenient. Only downside is the battery life if you have always on setting/ live wallpaper/ notifications enabled for all applications. You’ll have to charge it Atleast once every two days.I love this Apple Watch. Brought the watch on nice discounted price  and give surprise to my family  which is love it. Nice design and work good also battery time work out for meI absolutely love it! I can’t live without my Apple Watch! Definitely worth every penny.First Apple Watch, battery is meh compared to galaxy watches but still very nice osGreat watch, it’s stylish and its great for my workout tracking…Very informative for health, comfortable to wear, slick lookingNice watch loved the new design, recommended for everyone.Amazing watch, Best Buy team killed it fast service all around!!Freaking huge upgrade from a series 3 ! Awsome price ! It’s so much nicer!!!A big gap between the watch and the Digital Crown that expose the internal structures.
The watch band doesn’t embed properly that leaves a big gap.
The charger has glue residue all over the cable.
Not a single component that came with the package free from defects.
Will have it returned.I made this purchase after seeing a lot of my friends, teammates and family members use their Apple Watches. I became interested in my own as I am an active walker/hiker, as well as a college athlete, so a smart watch with fitnes tracking abilities was certainly interesting to me. I have loved every second of my new watch. From the different faces to the fitness tracing and ease of use, everything about it has been great. My favorite part, arguably, is how fast it charges from nearly dead to almost full. I can take a shower, brush my teeth and get ready in the morning and my watch will be fully or almost fully charged everytime. Personally it is very much worth the price point. It’s like a second phone on my wrist that I actually have found myself preferring over the use of my actual IPhone X.I’ve had several Apple watches and this is a fairly good upgrade. I find the wrist temperature measurement to be useful, for example it accurately detected when my temperature started to increase when I was getting sick. 
As I’m now wearing it for sleep tracking the battery life is a bit disappointing but the speed that the battery charges when using a decent USB-C charger somewhat makes up for it. 
It’s not a massive upgrade and if my daughter didn’t break her Apple Watch I probably would have stayed with the series 6 instead of giving it to her, but the temperature tracking is useful to me so I’m happy with the purchase.The Apple Watch Series 8 45mm is a great addition to my Apple ecosystem.  It seamlessly integrated and set up quickly.  I had to wait until my new iPhone 14 Pro Max arrived to set it up; as I had been running on the iPhone 6.  While the 6 had a Watch app, it was too old to set up the Series 8.  I use the watch daiily to monitor some health apps for an upcomming proceedure and am very happy with the watch.  Only issue is the band.  The way it tucks in under itself tends to pull arm hair at first. Its a minor thing, but a daily nususanceSteady improvement from Apple in the wearable category. Camera, health and general usability features definitely an improvement.  Some of the health features are a good first step but advances are needed for example before the temperature sensor can truly measure body temperature.  And still can’t figure out why the watch tells me it’s time to stand in the middle of the night.  So far I get a little more than 24 hrs on battery most days but it charges pretty quick. Still a solid buyGot it a week ago. Girlfriend loves it as she never had an Apple Watch before. Really nice 45m screen. Very smooth, fun little thing if you go for runs or work out.  I have a series 3 and besides for the ECG I really don’t see that much reason to upgrade. My series 3 that’s 5 years old lasts almost as long as the series 8 on battery life. Kinda wild to me. But if you never had one it’s definitely worth it when it’s on sale!
Bought for my wife for our 40th.  She's never been an Apple person until recently and she is loving the watch.  A great gift idea so much so that her co-worker bought one for his wife for their anniversary too!  Highly recommend.  Battery last about a day and a 1/2.  She charges first thing in the morning so that it'll last through the day. Wish it last longer.I was always an iphone user up until the Galaxy Note series phone. I have loved what samsung did but recently decided to make the switch back to Iphone. I had the Galaxy watch 5 pro and i will say the apple watch series 8 is way more comfortable and the connect to the iphone is seamless. I love this watch way more than any samsung watch.It took me a while to purchase an Apple Watch because I am not a watch girl at all- smart watch or luxury watch.  I purchased this to better aide in my fitness journey and I love it.  It's comfortable and lighter in weight that I anticipated. The battery life has worked for me and I love the Starlight color and band.Always had an iPhone but never an Apple Watch. Loving all of the features and being able to read notifications without bringing out my phone. Battery life is better than expected. After working 12 hour shifts still have about 45% left. The Health features are great, which is mainly what I purchased it for.You can't go wrong with an Apple Watch. I think I had like 6 out of the 8 and I have not been disappointed. I was on the fence about the color black because I am a lady and like to look feminine with my jewelry and accessories but Im am here to tell you that the black Apple Watch is my favorite so far no more silver for me.Switched from android to apple to try something new. While most things on the watch work well, one thing that should be better is call hand off. If I'm wearing bluetooth headphones connected to the phone and a call comes in, I should be able to accept the call by touching the watch and still have the call audio go through the headphones. Seems like a simple thing that android/samsung had done effectively for years but there is no option to do it here. It's jarring to touch the watch to accept the call and then have it be on speaker in a public place when you're expecting it to be in your ear. Health and fitness feature are great though and overall it is a good companion to the phone.Great battery life compare to previous releases! I had the 1st, 3rd, 5th and no 8th version of Apple Watch. I don’t see a lot of improvement in the watch it self but I do see big improvement in battery life. I would recommend getting this one over your old Apple Watch.Outstanding watch. The color is much more subtle than the photos make it seem. The battery life is incredible; I’m able to use it all day, sleep with it on, and still use it the entire next day on one charge. This watch helps me track my workouts and health effectively and the large watch face makes texting and reading notifications effortless. Best Apple Watch they have ever made, hands down.I upgraded from the Apple watch 6 to the Apple watch 8.  My initial impression is that there isn't much of a difference.  Yes, the screen is slightly larger...  Yes, i do like the smaller bezel ring around the frame.  I've not noticed that the series 8 is any more responsive of zippy.  I do like the full qwerty keyboard for texts.  Honestly, if my apple 6 was perfectly fine, I would have held out another generation or two.  Don't get me wrong, I think the apple watch is a great product... but If you have a series 7... I don't see any reason to upgrade and for series 6 users, just know that the screen size increase is very slight.By far the BEST Apple watch!  Love the large screen.  Heart rate and ECG a must if you need to monitor your heart.  One suggestion:  MORE SCREENS please.  :).   Love the battery life and FAST CHARGING.  RE: Durability, suggest you add a good rubber edge bumper for protection. Also, there are some beautiful leather watch bands on Amazon...$9.  Really makes the watch POP!  Cheers!I originally purchased this watch as a test to see if I would like ios coming from/loving Android.  Nice looking watch though I prefer round, the battery life just isn't enough for me, I bought the Ultra instead.  Barely 24 hours with the AOD active isn't getting it done if you like to track your sleep.Very happy with purchase. The screen is huge and much easier to read and navigate. The battery life is also way better. The Apple Watch 3 I had needed to be charged every day. I can go a few days without charging this. If there’s a downside to this watch I haven’t found it yet.Watch is definitely brighter than my previous version.  Battery life has noticeably improved.  I don’t have to panic if I forget to charge it the night before.  For me, there seems to be no major improvements from my previous watch.      On the plus side,  everything looks brighter with apps running smoother and much faster.      runsExcellent purchase and well worth the wait! My wife's first Apple Watch and she has loved every minute of it. Only thing we didn't know was this charges via the new usb-c and of course Apple doesn't provide the wall charger with the purchase, but Amazon to the rescue!I upgraded from Apple Watch 5. Very pleased with the display, speed, and feel of the watch. I if you have an existing watch, my 44mm bands fit the new watch so if you want to get a “free” band, choose a watch with a different band than the typical black rubber band and you can still use your old band.It tells you the expected trip time when you commute,
it enables your apple pay without risking your valuable iphone with the cashier (people tend to drop their iphone while using apple pay).
It is a must when you have an iphone!Traded in my series 5 GPS for $65 and got this series 8 GPS! I love it and it appears the same bands fit the 44mm and the 45mm but the 41 and 42 are not compatible. I did customer pickup and they were nice and helpful to help me erase the old watch and trade it in.I love this watch. I haven’t worn a watch in years. I was a little worried that it would bother me but it is very comfortable. I like all the stuff I can do with it. I bought one my wife for her birthday and 2 weeks later I bought one for me.Amazing watch.  Like the fact watch face is always on compared to my old Apple Watch.  Surprised in the health capablites.  My brother and I bought the two watches the same day.  He got a warning his pulse dropped to 40 beats per minute.  This alerted him he had a possible medication issue.This is my second Apple Watch. I had series 2 for 6 years. This watch has much larger screen which allows of use more apps much more comfortably. Battery lasts for more than 48 hours ( I turned the screen “always on” option off)
Excellent watch with many features.  I can’t wait til R&D figures out how to take blood pressure and also add some of the research I’ve been reading about for future health testing.This is a gift for my nephew. He likes it. Had to get a case with screen protector for it since he is young and wanted to make sure he doesn't break/scratch it. All in all got it on sale and everyone is happy.Definitely an advantage to having this watch.  I can keep up with text messages, emails, and incoming phone calls.  I measure my pulse daily and I occasionally do the relaxation exercises to refocus.We are completely satisfied with this purchase. We were somewhat concerned with the purchase because it was an open box item; however, the watch is was everything we needed.This is a solid upgrade from a Series 4 watch. Fast charging which is needed if you use the sleep tracking features of this watch.  I can recharge mine as soon as I wake up in the morning and have it fully charged before I leave for work.This watch is a major improvement, size, battery life, and far more accurate.  I can see the face much better while running and the all day not required to charge again is wonderful!Best workout watch hands down. I love the fact it tells you what kind of swim strokes I do when swimming laps. It knows if I'm doing freestyle or the breaststroke. It's wonderful for also keeping me honest with friends as we all compete now.The watch itself is really great and they employees at Best Buy were very nice the young man who helped us even helped us understand how to use it and the many features it comes withFlawless. The ovation tracker is moot, on me, a male.
I’d give them 6 stars if they made a game that reproduced that “send the bouncy ball down the chute” game that was on the first video ipod. I loved that game.Apple watch does not disappoint.  I'm a soccer referee and use the count down timer all the time.  Now I can save different match times.  A full day refereeing, the battery last around 18hrs.Incredible step up from my series 2 watch. 
The display is fantastic and the battery charging is so fast. 
Finally, I’m using the sleep tracking and that seems to work very well.Helpful service, and in and out quickly at Simsbury Best Buy. I know the product well (just an upgrade) and very happy with the Apple Watch 8Coming over from Gear S4 to this one is pretty cool, this is more of an add on/ extension of your phone. The S4 felt like a miniature phone.It was a great purchase!! It’s a little heavy so it took a few days of wearing it. My mom said her Apple 5 was too. We just love our Apple products though.Iterative updates make for a great experience when you’re realistic about upgrade cycles. Waited a long time to upgrade from a series 3, so this is obviously getting 5 stars from me.works good like every other iPhone I really like the new fast charger. Only bad part is you have to buy the charging box outlet separately from the watch.I really enjoyed my series one and decided to upgrade. I really enjoy the new features and the battery life seems to have been improved. The ECG function is pretty neat.The apple watch just keeps getting better. Seemlessly works with my phone to notify me of incoming messages and calls, and the fitness tracking is second to none.Very happy. This was an upgrade from my 3.  I am thrilled that I did it.  Watch is great, it is exactly what it is advertised to be!!You feel like you have no idea how to use this thing when you first get it.  But they have done such a great job of integration with the iPhone that it just works out.
Upgraded my old Apple Watch 3 to the 8, and am amazed by the new features.  I also like the new watch faces available.  Very durable and connects easily to the iPhone.I love my Apple Watch!  Easy set up and options galore!  I love the fact that I  can look down and see the time, and also to be alerted of calls and can readily see text messages.Best performing Apple Watch so far; even though the company (in my pinion) made a stupid change by limiting the available colors.I had series 1 hated it gave it away eventually got series 4 and loved it switched a month ago to series 8 and absolutely love it. Many health apps and looks sharpI upgraded from the series 5 and felt a huge difference. Lighter, larger, faster. My series 5 worked great so im sure this one will be just as good if not better.I like how big it is.  Full charge lasts a day and a couple of hours.
An elderly person would still have trouble reading due to tiny letters.The Apple Watch Series 8 is the right Apple Watch for most people. It sits squarely between the SE and Ultra models in price and capabilities.I really love this watch. I upgraded from the 3 to this. I do think Apple Watches like all Apple products are overpriced… but I bought one. Again. Yes I have an Apple phone too. BUT this will be the last of the prices keep going up. The garmin watches are every bit as good for a whole lot less.My 1st Apple Watch, I love it because it is big enough to read and write emails and text messages also it contains all the needed features that I can use on daily basisWhat can you say. It’s an Apple Watch. It does feel a little snappier than last year’s, but that could also just be me.I had IWatch 7 with cellular but I always had my phone with me all but 2 times. So I switched to GPS only it's been good so far.  I do charge it everyday to track my sleep.This Apple watch 8 is awesome!  The display is bright and the additional features added to the seies 8 watch convinced me to purchase it.  I am very pleased with it!This is my 7th version of the Apple Watch. I have been enjoying the options and changing wallpapers. I was using  the oxygen  sensor this week. Pretty cool option.
The family are enjoying the older models. lolGreat watch and ease of use. Used to have Samsung Frontier and although I like the style of the Samsung much more than the Apple the functionality isn’t even close.Love it, but wish I got the full service one and not the GPS.  Still need to keep my phone close for it to work.Watch does everything medical for you.  If you have any medical issues this is the watch. This does everything.Not a huge difference between iWatch 8 and my previous iWatch 6. Maybe next time I will consider getting a Cellular model. Unfortunately a bit too expensive!Great watch little price but worth it if you use it a lot also the apps you can use with it and the customization u can do to the face is coolUpdated my previous version and really enjoy this new watch . Solid  features and like the overall product.This is my 3rd Apple Watch and the best one yet. Love the new size, larger numbers and longer battery life.
I love my new Apple watch series 8. It has so many features from the first generation which I still own.Wonderful watch. Gives alot of options to keep you updated on activities along with keeping you active.Apple comes through again with many updates, particularly those related to health monitoring like EKG, blood oxygen etc.Watch is super fast compared to series 3 watch.  Plus is tracks your heartbeat if they are irregular.Enjoying my apple watch.  Took me a long time to decide but so glad I finally decided to purchase oneMoved up from a series 3 to the 8. Very happy with functionality and larger capacity. Display seems to be much better.Not seeing significant configurations difference with previous version. Missing blue color dial.Apart from all these  I am liking my  first iWatchVery happy with this purchase.   An upgrade to a previous purchase and happy with the new features.I’m coming from an Apple Watch Series 5 so I didn’t have the full keyboard on there but on this you actually have a full keyboard.Love this watch big enough to see font has so many features very very accurate is not tight on wrist and looks stylish volume is clearI had the second generation Apple Watch, and this one is so much better. Has a larger face and it has a lot more interaction.My watch did not reset to the CT after an international flight.  My watch was generation 2 and time for a new watch.  I love the starlight.  Good purchase.So far so good! There is still so much more I need to learn about this watch but everything so far has been great!Easy to use and to see.  Band is more comfortable than previous bands on other watches I have used. Highly recommend to seniors that want to remain active.Husband disabled. Falls on a regular basis. Last fall— phone landed 10 feet away. Unable to reach it. Bought an Apple Watch from Best Buy. FAST DELIVERY! Very satisfied.Was a gift and it was really appreciated by the receipt. Great watch . Met al the expectationsGreat upgrade from the series 1! This watch is so much better and has many great features. I really like the sleep tracking!Battery life is insanely good. It could probably go three days.
Very fast processing and very sharp display
Definitely worth the upgrade if you have a series 5 or belowMy boyfriend got an iwatch as an anniversary gift. He uses us way more than I thought he would. He loves it.She just switched from samsung to apple and absolutely loves it over her old samsung watch.
I’ve never been into watches but I gave this one a shot and I’ve been in love with it since i first put it on.Just switched back to Apple after almost 10 years.  Very happy with my decision.  The Apple Watch 8 is great.  Very comfortable.  Don’t even notice I have it onApple Watch 8 is a great new model and value!  I would recommend to anyone as an upgrade!Coming from a Series 5, a noteworthy upgrade! More responsive and the new features are nice to have, but still no Dick Tracy camera!Purchased for my wife. She loves it. Daughter and wife are happy with their technology.I have never been disapointed by a product from Apple, and the watches always amaze me.I love my Apple Watch ⌚️ very easy to use, it tracks my daily workouts, heart ❤️ rate.This watch is great. I was hesitant about upgrading from Apple Watch 5 but glad I didLove my new Apple Watch 8!  It’s the first Apple Watch I’ve had!  Everyone needs one!Apple has a great product, what more can you say. Thought their might be a cover for the new version.Best smart watch on the market. Great for workouts or just a everyday watch. Much improved over my older series 4.Super comfy on the wrist best if used for workouts or any sports related activities.I was able  to trade in my Apple Watch or a new Apple Watch 8
 Because it had new features on it that I needed and it works very well for meWould highly recommend this watch for anybody who loves their apple products and likes wearing a watch.Purchased as a birthday gift for my daughter. It will be an upgrade from Series 4!I’m really like the Apple Watch for the Best Buy store they great customer serviceThis is my first apple watch. Its great love all the things you can do with it. Would definitely recommend.I traded my series 7 for this. Screen size about same but the display on the 8 is vivid. I like itI purchased this for my husband as an upgrade to the Series 3 Watch. He loves it! The sleep feature has been a game changer for him.The features of the Apple Watch 8 is awesome, you have everything you need available to you right on your wrist and very convenient.
Best price and support. It was also a very quick transaction. Made life easy.Had it for little over a month and it does everything it says it would do.This is a birthday present to myself and I just activated my watch on today. I love the features it offers.I upgraded from the Apple watch 5 to the Apple watch 8, and I love it !Great watch and thankfully it was on sale. I'd definitely recommend it.Loving it so far. The color is amazing. It’s like a black/blue color when you look at it the right way. Love having the blood oxygen sensor and ECG. So useful.I love this Apple Watch I use it everyday I really like the series 8 with crash detectionWatch was awesome, exactly what I expected and more. Fit was perfect and looked good.Best watch yet. Ive had my series 4 for the longest and figured it was time to upgrade.Nice watch, i recommended all peoples to buy this to minitor your body and prevent any accident.Love it. I love the size and how big it looks. It fits my 44mm bands. The battery last longer.Purchased the watch for a friend. She loves the watch and has already purchased a bunch of accessories.This is a great pickup from my Apple Watch 4 more safety features.This watch has it all! Tells the time, keeps up with my heart rate, and even monitors my quality of sleep!Ok his watch is awesome. It’s my first apple product together with my new iPhone and this is super good.My wife's series 3 lasted for a long time and started to bug out recently. She upgraded to this and loves it!The Apple watch keeps getting better and better. Love the battery life on this version.I upgraded from the Apple Watch Series 1 and this Series 8 is a major upgrade.Apple did it again! Love the watch! Love the health features! And now a better compass with wayfinder!I upgraded to the 8 from a series 3.  I like the larger face and smaller thickness, but I don't notice much difference day to day.  I purchased this for the health features included in this version, which are nice to have.
This apple watch is the greatest one of all series, so beautifull and so enjoyableA great update to my old Apple Watch. Love the large size. I have small wrists. but it fits well.So nice & perfect awesome I love my Apple Watch I recommendAwesome watch, even fits into all my Series 7 cases and 45 mm wristbands !Overall a good product. Its small size is why I like it over a Garmin. Battery life is ok at best compared to competitors. Some Garmins in this price range last 40-50 days compared to 1. However if you have an iPhone everything is streamlined and user friendlyNice quality watch!!!  I just love it, especially being able to check my heart rate and EKG.This watch does it all! I am very happy with all the features that are available.Love my new watch it was worth the price so happy with it.Nice watch and has all the functionality anyone would needExcellent large display resulting in accurate touchscreen.Biger screen, more bright, faster than ever, long battery life, i recommend itMy husband loves his new toy. He didn’t want one for years and now he can’t live without it.Well built design and software. can be easily recomended.Love it it’s one of the best products that I’ve purchasedI have a great experience with every watch from Apple every year, great product!!!Very good the best Apple Watch I have  a like everythingMy family and i love shopping at Bestbuy of Rockaway ,NJUpdated from Apple Watch 2nd generation and it is great!Works better than expected, although the battery life could be better.Very nice watch since I upgraded from much earlier one. Many new faces and features. Longer battery life.
45mm with thinner edges is a welcome upgrade alone still testing the updated biometrics and sleep monitoring, but satisfied so far.New apple watch tracks my sleep and fitness so much closer than orevious modelsLove it!!!! Very comfortable. Love changing the faceI really enjoy this watch. I like the bigger screen.Like the heart monitor and keeping track of exerciseGreat purchase, quick delivery and customer service!Great watch for connect w/phone. Also works well with Apple fitness.  Love it!Great battery life, awesome screen and looks great.Easy setup battery life is meh but good quality and sleep trackinh is mehEasy to use features, good size screen, integrates with iphone perfectly.What can I say, I love it. I like Apple products .i absolutely love the series 8 watch. Just updrafts from a series 6 and couldn’t be happierCouldn’t ask for anything more. Does everything I could ask for and more!I love my new Apple Watch 8 so for I don’t have any complaints Best Buy has the best price for the watch getting a lot of complimentsI bought this Apple Watch.I like it.The price that I pay for is reasonable.I love it. The battery lasts longer than my series 6, about twice. I bought Samsung watch 5 pro but it doesn’t work on iPhone and I hate android phones and tablets. I returned it.Love the new watch, updated from a Series 6.  Highly recommend.I never thought I would enjoy this as much as I do. Strongly recommend it!Best for all type of events 
Excelente band 100% trust worthyLove love love my Apple Watch. The larger face, the lunar calendar, the work out apps. So happy
The color its great more responsive than the old 5 series I had.This is a great smartwatch that is a worthy upgrade from the Series 4This is a great smartwatch that is a worthy upgrade from the Series 4Love the watch.  It has great features that the previous one do notexcellent watch.  I have a 5 and a 7 and they just keep getting better!Apple has the best products and software. Apple adds features to the OS every year. Perfect.Perfect size screen and full day battery life. Highly recommend.Great product excellent value always the best Apple productsThis is my 5th Apple Watch I use it for texting music hands free phoneUpgraded from seven series, the size is right. Features improvements are marginal but worth the upgrade.Excellent upgrade from Apple Watch Series 3with new exciting featuresReally good apple watch got it for my daughter and she really like it.Fantastic watch. Bought it as a birthday gift for girlfriend. She was happyThe Apple whatch is excelent for training and live activeMy wife also loves her new apple watch series 8 well needed upgradeLove my Apple Watch.  This is my first Apple Watch… a great upgrade from the Fitbit Sense….I upgraded my Apple Watch I enjoy every penny invested in this watchBest battery ever nice 45mm screen and runs perfect with ios 9Bought to replace my Series 3 - no issues with it so farAmazing ecosystem, fast, easy to use and fits amazing.
Love the watch. Very comfortable and very beneficial to have.Beautiful watch. Easy to use. Easy to put on, with many amazing features for a great deal. A good item to add to your arsenal. All the features are very useful especially measurements of blood oxygen levels, temperature etc.Awesome watch. Upgraded from the Series 2. Love all the new features.Love Apple products for years and it will be my last watchGreat upgrade from the series 6. Love the always on screen and much better battery life.Great watch very comfortable to wear. Love the color.Good product works just like it was expected. It’s worth the waitThe is great and I like the new size,it’s easy to see the time on itPerfect upgrade . Fits well . Only problem is the bands from Apple are way too expensive.I got this watch and come to find out the only difference between this and the Apple Watch 7 is the body temperature sensor, I ended up returning this and will keep my Apple Watch 7 until the next version comes out.Love the watch. It works great and is a perfect size.Great Watch.   This was purchased as a gift for my son-in-law.Nice upgrade from the 3 series. Bigger face and easier to see.New features good product if you never had or are upgradingNo so much different from the last one, still woth it.I haven’t had it very long but no there are no regrets so far.Excellent, premium materials, long battery good quality screenAnother great Apple product sold by a great store.Slightly bigger screen and better quality. I will always upgrade to latest Iwatch.So far i love it, no lagging, fast and nice display.
I love my Apple Watch.  I can never go without it.Love the item, impressed with the apple watcg yet again.Small refresh from series 7 but what was added is greatVery good. I wear it everyday. I do recommend othersAwesome been waiting along time for better sensorsThe health benefits work really well, very satisfied with the iWatch 8Love the new updates. I upgraded from the series 4 watch.Upgrade from Series 3 that stopped working battery long lasting and quick chargeLove my new apple watch. Big screen and great quality.If you have a recent Apple Watch it’s probably one to skip, but overall it’s been great for me so far.I had series 5 and wanted to buy the one with O2 meter. I like this model.Good price compared to other retailers. Good experienceGreat watch. Works great with my iphone. Would buy again.Watch equals every review and Best Buy delivery was greatGreat product & great service from associates at Best BuyAwesome Choice so happy functional an easy set up, so many featuresLove the new Apple Watch series 8. Has lots of features.Overall great product good quality and very usefulGreat Watch, highly recommended.  Been wearing these since day 1.Amazing product and easy gift for someone. Will buy again
Just what I expected and shipped fast. Easy to set up.My wife loves her watch.  10/10 would rather her be happy then not ;)Works has stated, nice addition to my workouts. Would buy again.Excellent does everything I hoped it would. Recommend highlyUpgraded from the five series to the eight, love it!Love the watch. Great speed and love the new feature.Item as described, always Apple keeps their promisesIt’s a really great watch for everyone who wants oneI enjoy wearing a watch again over a FitBit. What features!Like how much longer the battery last compared to my 5 series.Very nice and holds charged the quality is amazing.I bought the watch for some of the health apps on the watch.Best smart watch yet, huge battery life & totally water proofIt’s amazing how much this watch will tell you about yourselfExcelente product, I love it
It works like a charmSo happy I got this is super nice and I do recommend it for everyone.Excellent health tracking programs! Healthy reminders to be active.Watch met all expectations. Love the health and fitnessI loved it, it an excellent watch great quality with a lot of featuresGreat watch bright screen display and long battery life
Good quality, everything came fast for in store pickupGreat to use and very stylish. I would definitely recommendUpgraded my 7 to 8 just like it, I scratch mu 7 looks bad.It’s great I love it can’t ask for anything more greatThis is the best Apple Watch I ever had, works flawlesslyBest smartwatch on the market now. Now, battery life is even much better compared to Series 7.Great product, bought for my husband and he loves itGreat watch easy to use and very comfortable to wearGreat watch, bought it to replace my fiancé’s old Apple Watch.Great watch does everything I want and more love itApple has stepped up. 
This watch exceeds my expectations.Nice new upgrade from my old Apple Watch 5. Would recommendUpgraded from 4series. Absolutely love this watch!Geat prdouct! Many features and so comfortable and stylishSo far the best Apple Watch I’ve had. My arm feels naked without it.Love the big screen, I upgraded from my 7, don’t see much difference.better than the 8, still thinking to get the ultraIt’s a minor upgrade from the 7, but it’s still an excellent Watch!Had the apple watch SE before this, and it is such an upgrade.Good watch, the best. New. Very good. I liked. Buy again
Good watch, the best. New. Very good. I liked. Buy againAwesome product… its great for value money………………….Great watch.  It’s amazing what this watch can do.Awesome Watch!! Easy to setup! Apple did amazing. WowVery happy with the watch.  Using the watch for health purposes.This is the vest one to date. Love the larger screen, added features. That said if you have a 6 or 7 its a nice to have vs. a must have.I am really happy with the product. I like the design.traded in a 5 for the 8.  8 has much better battery and camera, but is a little thicker.  I love the Apple Watch!The battery is long lasting and i love the bigger display screenWorks great really nice  battery really good watchVery nice and reliable iwatch as all the product’s  from Applevery attentive sales staff
well informed on availabilityFantastic watch. Love the heart monitor and oxygen level.Love the watch.  Disappointed in the cheap wristband the comes with it.  Apple could do much better.Love the watch, love the color, love how it feels on me.Quick easy setup & worth the upgrade & enjoyable!!The watch is great but the red colour on the watch is too sparkly for me, I changed it with a black one and still with the red band and it looks amazing and works greatUpgraded from the series 6 (was in rough shape) and really like the extra screen in relatively the same size as the series 6.Great watch, I like it a lot. Coming from android and a galaxy watch, I do like this better.I can not say enough about my Apple Watch. As a senior knowing my oxygen level and heat rate is important. Also I am very motivated to close my rings
The design and the watch itself is spectacular, but even the 45mm model looks a bit small, perhaps because of its square shape.Things went ok and then the person who actually came up to us and asked if we needed help made thing's much better. He helped us find what we were looking for.While not a generational improvement over the Watch 7, the Watch 8 still provides the best smart watch experience to date.Does everything i'd want from a smart watch. I just wish it had a browser.I love my watch! No need to be taking out your phone to check notifications or timeNothing new in it than the older devices. Well it feels premium.Excellent Apple product very easy to use. Workout feature is greatGreat watch must get it. Battery life is better than other watch.Awesome, it fits well and i love it, i can recommend it anytimeLots of functions. Links with Iphone. Good lookingI thought this years watch would have a more squared screen… no dice… good watchVery easy to setup and great watch for work and schoolIt should say MEDIUM because it is not large.  If you need large,
you have to get EXTRAlarge.  If you have an 8 inch plus some do-hickies, get the EXTRAlarge.My husband upgraded from an iwatch 4 to the iwatch 8 and he said there isn’t a great difference between them.I guess it’s ok the only thing i like is how big it isNot worthed. I got two Apple Watches. Each of them had 4month free fitness and Apple News. But Best Buy gave me only one. 
Watch side: if you are not a camper or doing worked out regularly a lower version (cheaper one) would work. No need to pay for cycle tracking or blood oxygenI wanted gps cellular but the tech didn’t know what was what and I ended up with the wrong watchnothing new, not visible change copy old models not worth that money to paythis watch gets a little bit better battery life then series 7 did also does have crash deciton witch comes in handy and temperature I don't see any thing wrong with how red it is at least it does the jobthe battery I feel last little longer then Apple Watch series 7 I recommend it now a days people do get in wrecks and crash dection will come in handy also temperature is plus too its worth the money
wish series 8 came in abyss blue o well this watch is so much better then series 7 its worth the money plus band I had for old watch fit this one so that's a plus thank you apple once again :)So pleased with this purchase it does everything I need and more. Would highly recommendThe new apple watch 8 is awesome! It has so many neat and useful features.Love my watch so much…I even told my family about i
I have had the IWatch since the 3 came out. I now have the IWatch 8 and love it. Many nice uses and settings you can do. I like the size and that you can set up your screen without any trouble.I like it very much I like the color it fits very good love it  I recommend it.I am absolutely in love with my watch. I own the 5, 6 and now series 8. The 8 is my favorite ❤️ I have the starlight.Awesome product and great experience buying!  Always a great experience at Best Buy.Great device and with the right band comes out to be a great watch.Love!! So happy I made the switch from Fitbit. It’s basically your phone on your wrist - it literally does it all!Great Apple Watch as usual. Disappointed in the temperature feature. I originally thought it takes your body temperature so I would no longer need to check my body temperature with a thermometer but it doesn't. It takes your wrist temperature to show you the temperature from baseline. What does that mean? Not sure, so I assume baseline is your normal body temperature range. If I knew this, I would have stuck with my Apple Watch Series 7 and  skip Series 8.Great! It is so durable and easy to use. This watch can make your life more easy because of its featuresI absolutely love my Apple Watch 8.  The screen is a bit bigger than I'm used to since I upgraded from a FitBit, but since it mirrors my iPhone I never miss a message (as long as my phone is nearby) and I love the reminders to move.  I've become more motivated to close my rings each day.  I would give it 5 Stars, except that the one feature of FitBit that I liked that is not available on Apple is the food tracking.  On FitBit you entered your food on the app and it automatically tracked your exercise so you always knew how you were doing on calories in vs. calories out.  With the Apple you have to use a 3rd party (I chose MyFitnessPal) app to track food and while the one I use does sync with my watch to track steps, I have to manually enter any additional exercise I do.  It's not a deal breaker, but I do wish that Apple Fitness (or Apple Watch) offered the ease of tracking calories in vs. calories out.  
One of the benefits of the Apple Watch over my Fitbit is that the sleep tracking on Apple is significantly better. Some of the sleep tracking functions that come standard on Apple are only available for premium subscription on Fitbit.  
Taking all of that into consideration, when I go to replace it - hopefully years from now - I will stick with Apple as the benefits significantly outweigh the drawbacks.I am very pleased with my new Apple Watch 8. The dial is highly readable and the watch has many new health- related functions that make it an excellent choice. I also like how it seamlessly integrates with my iPhone facilitating easy cross-platform control. I especially like the sleep monitoring functions and the ability to control my iPhone alarm clock from my phone. Also great two-day battery life and rapid recharge allow me to wear the watch almost 24/7. And it was cheaper than my old Apple Watch 2!Switched from android to apple to try something new. While most things on the watch work well, one thing that should be better is call hand off. If I'm wearing bluetooth headphones connected to the phone and a call comes in, I should be able to accept the call by touching the watch and still have the call audio go through the headphones. Seems like a simple thing that android/samsung had done effectively for years but there is no option to do it here. It's jarring to touch the watch to accept the call and then have it be on speaker in a public place when you're expecting it to be in your ear. Health and fitness feature are great though and overall it is a good companion to the phone.I had a series 3 for many years and was very pleased with my watch.  Finally upgraded (nothing wrong with my series 3) to have the one that does not shut off.  My old apple watch would turn the display off after 30 seconds and that was a pain when trying to take vital signs.  The new one doesnt do that and the display takes up more of the screen.  It has additional features as well that are very useful.  Very happy that I have this new watch.This is my first Apple Watch. I absolutely love it. I have had a Fitbit versa for several years and it gave out on me. The Apple Watch has a lot of different and great features that I did not have available before. The only thing that I would change is the battery life. But with all of the extra usage of the Apple Watch, I can see why it doesn’t stay charged as long.  Would absolutely recommend buying it.It’s amazing my girlfriend loved the watch so much. 
Than my wife saw the Best Buy statement I told her it was for my aunt in Bostons Birthday I was good for a week than she found the sugar baby app and my phone and learned about my new friend From the local University down the street. She was cool with Tonya and now we are all going to Paris next week.I recently got the new iPhone 14, I had the original series Apple Watch and need to upgrade in order for it to be compatible with the new phone, after searching I came across this guy and figured it should last another 5-6 years like the original! So far it’s a very nice product, it’s interface is very easy to function and it’s not too heavy or bulky.This is a great buy, if you’re looking for a sign to buy this is it! I’ve been hesitant to buy since last year when the series 7 came out. I’m glad I bought the series 8. The functions it comes with are great. Bonus is this watch looks attractive. I got it in the color StarlightExcellent and I love it! I have an iPhone and an iPad and now I have an IWatch.  They all work together and it is really great.  I have wanted to be able to track my sleep and fitness activity for a long time, and now I can do it easily on my watch.  For purchasing I received a gift of Fitness for 4 months and am very happy with this.Typical of what you would expect from APPLE -- top quality, display is outstanding even in daylight. Also, display is not too small and not super large on your wrist like some cheapo imitation smart watches.  The ECG charting is priceless to check for AFIB.I love this Apple Watch so much, as I used to have the series 6. I upgraded to the series 8, and I would not want to change a thing. The battery life, the fast charging, and the display with all the features is amazing. I use it every day and even to sleep track. It is an amazing product.No complaints. I absolutely love the color and the watch can track so much more than my old Fitbit ever could. I do wish I could go longer than a day or two between charges though, but other than that so far it’s been a great watch and I love all of the health information it can track.
I have had the IWatch since the 3 came out. I now have the IWatch 8 and love it. Many nice uses and settings you can do. I like the size and that you can set up your screen without any trouble.I like it very much I like the color it fits very good love it  I recommend it.I am absolutely in love with my watch. I own the 5, 6 and now series 8. The 8 is my favorite ❤️ I have the starlight.Awesome product and great experience buying!  Always a great experience at Best Buy.Great device and with the right band comes out to be a great watch.Love!! So happy I made the switch from Fitbit. It’s basically your phone on your wrist - it literally does it all!Great Apple Watch as usual. Disappointed in the temperature feature. I originally thought it takes your body temperature so I would no longer need to check my body temperature with a thermometer but it doesn't. It takes your wrist temperature to show you the temperature from baseline. What does that mean? Not sure, so I assume baseline is your normal body temperature range. If I knew this, I would have stuck with my Apple Watch Series 7 and  skip Series 8.Great! It is so durable and easy to use. This watch can make your life more easy because of its featuresI absolutely love my Apple Watch 8.  The screen is a bit bigger than I'm used to since I upgraded from a FitBit, but since it mirrors my iPhone I never miss a message (as long as my phone is nearby) and I love the reminders to move.  I've become more motivated to close my rings each day.  I would give it 5 Stars, except that the one feature of FitBit that I liked that is not available on Apple is the food tracking.  On FitBit you entered your food on the app and it automatically tracked your exercise so you always knew how you were doing on calories in vs. calories out.  With the Apple you have to use a 3rd party (I chose MyFitnessPal) app to track food and while the one I use does sync with my watch to track steps, I have to manually enter any additional exercise I do.  It's not a deal breaker, but I do wish that Apple Fitness (or Apple Watch) offered the ease of tracking calories in vs. calories out.  
One of the benefits of the Apple Watch over my Fitbit is that the sleep tracking on Apple is significantly better. Some of the sleep tracking functions that come standard on Apple are only available for premium subscription on Fitbit.  
Taking all of that into consideration, when I go to replace it - hopefully years from now - I will stick with Apple as the benefits significantly outweigh the drawbacks.I am very pleased with my new Apple Watch 8. The dial is highly readable and the watch has many new health- related functions that make it an excellent choice. I also like how it seamlessly integrates with my iPhone facilitating easy cross-platform control. I especially like the sleep monitoring functions and the ability to control my iPhone alarm clock from my phone. Also great two-day battery life and rapid recharge allow me to wear the watch almost 24/7. And it was cheaper than my old Apple Watch 2!Switched from android to apple to try something new. While most things on the watch work well, one thing that should be better is call hand off. If I'm wearing bluetooth headphones connected to the phone and a call comes in, I should be able to accept the call by touching the watch and still have the call audio go through the headphones. Seems like a simple thing that android/samsung had done effectively for years but there is no option to do it here. It's jarring to touch the watch to accept the call and then have it be on speaker in a public place when you're expecting it to be in your ear. Health and fitness feature are great though and overall it is a good companion to the phone.I had a series 3 for many years and was very pleased with my watch.  Finally upgraded (nothing wrong with my series 3) to have the one that does not shut off.  My old apple watch would turn the display off after 30 seconds and that was a pain when trying to take vital signs.  The new one doesnt do that and the display takes up more of the screen.  It has additional features as well that are very useful.  Very happy that I have this new watch.This is my first Apple Watch. I absolutely love it. I have had a Fitbit versa for several years and it gave out on me. The Apple Watch has a lot of different and great features that I did not have available before. The only thing that I would change is the battery life. But with all of the extra usage of the Apple Watch, I can see why it doesn’t stay charged as long.  Would absolutely recommend buying it.It’s amazing my girlfriend loved the watch so much. 
Than my wife saw the Best Buy statement I told her it was for my aunt in Bostons Birthday I was good for a week than she found the sugar baby app and my phone and learned about my new friend From the local University down the street. She was cool with Tonya and now we are all going to Paris next week.I recently got the new iPhone 14, I had the original series Apple Watch and need to upgrade in order for it to be compatible with the new phone, after searching I came across this guy and figured it should last another 5-6 years like the original! So far it’s a very nice product, it’s interface is very easy to function and it’s not too heavy or bulky.This is a great buy, if you’re looking for a sign to buy this is it! I’ve been hesitant to buy since last year when the series 7 came out. I’m glad I bought the series 8. The functions it comes with are great. Bonus is this watch looks attractive. I got it in the color StarlightExcellent and I love it! I have an iPhone and an iPad and now I have an IWatch.  They all work together and it is really great.  I have wanted to be able to track my sleep and fitness activity for a long time, and now I can do it easily on my watch.  For purchasing I received a gift of Fitness for 4 months and am very happy with this.Typical of what you would expect from APPLE -- top quality, display is outstanding even in daylight. Also, display is not too small and not super large on your wrist like some cheapo imitation smart watches.  The ECG charting is priceless to check for AFIB.I love this Apple Watch so much, as I used to have the series 6. I upgraded to the series 8, and I would not want to change a thing. The battery life, the fast charging, and the display with all the features is amazing. I use it every day and even to sleep track. It is an amazing product.No complaints. I absolutely love the color and the watch can track so much more than my old Fitbit ever could. I do wish I could go longer than a day or two between charges though, but other than that so far it’s been a great watch and I love all of the health information it can track.
I can’t review this particular Apple Watch but I did have a series Es watch before and it was a great watch. I had it for 2 years and it worked fine. The only reason I am buying another is that I lost the first one. I used the find my watch APP but was unsuccessful. I love Apple WatchesLove this Apple Watch. So many options.I used to only use a Fitbit. Only thing I wish I had was the cellular version. Battery life isn’t good when comparing it to a Fitbit. You must charge it everyday compare to every week.Basically got this for the health app features. for that I give it 5 stars. Screen is extremely small for reading or texting. battery life seems good at this point. only draw back, 32GB of memory. that'll be used quickly and in the future prevent you from updating the software..This is my first Apple Watch ever. I love it so far. I love having a little genius/extension to my phone on my wrist all the time. I was worried about charging it daily being a pain, but the battery is better than expected. I charged it to 98% yesterday at 8am, it’s exactly 24 hours later right now and it’s at 42%. It also charges crazy fast.We got this for our daughter as a boot camp graduation gift and she absolutely loves it. It did gives us a scare as it wouldn’t connect until all the updates to the phone where done but once the phone was updates it was all cheese and sprinkles like she says.This is a beautiful watch and my first Apple Watch. I am amazed with its integration with my iPhone in comparison to the Fitbit watch I previously owned. I am still learning about it but was pleased to discover an increase in battery life by disabling the raise your wrist to wake it and just tap the display instead.I love my new watch. I love how the screen is brighter and sharper. I really love how fast it chargers now. I can get ready in the morning while it charges and it will give me enough battery life to last all day until I get home to charge again.I had a Fitbit Charge 2 but wanted more features so I bought the Apple Watch Series 8 GSP and I'm very satisfied.  It mirrors my iPhone.  I was especially interested in the Emergency SOS, heart health, ECG, sleep and activity.  It's amazing.I bought this watch for my wife as a new job gift and she loves how she can use it to check her notifications without picking up her phone at work. She loved yhe watch and the features she is discovering.I love my watch best purchase I ever made.  Buying it was a great experience because of my sales advisor (Todd Baumer) who help me. His experience and friendly personality convinced me to buy my first Apple watch.Apple Watch 8 is SUCH an improvement over my Apple Watch 3.  The screen is larger and easy to read, battery life is better, and the improvements in health tracking are awesome. I highly recommend this watch if you have one of the earlier models.This has been one of my best purchases in a long time. I have found the health benefits in particular helpful in making and achieving goals. Recommend for anyone who wants a nudge to improve their health.My wife loves the Apple 8 watch.  It replaces the original Apple Watch that has lasted her until now.  Better voice recognition is on her list of improvements.Purchased as birthday gift for my daughter. She absolutely has been very happy with the gift. Does everything she wanted in a smart watch and a great improvement over her Fitbit.This was an update for my wife’s series 2 watch as the battery in the older unit wasn’t working well. 
She really likes this one and no issues with the battery especially the fast charging.The watch itself I think is great. The reason I can’t give this 5 stars is because the band has given me so much trouble.
My problem has been with the sports band, that turned out to contain nickel in the pin/clasp area that I was unaware of prior to buying and has given me a rash and have been unable to wear it much due to that. Had I know that it contained nickel I would have purchased a different kind. I haven’t been able to wear any nickel jewelry for as long as I can remember, definitely wish they would advertise it properly, instead of a lost little tab on the apple website- which the support team at apple has been so eager to point out that they do in fact mention it, too bad they don’t mention it under the actual product specifications.
I will look into purchasing a new band since the return period has passed( didn’t realize that returns on this product had only a 15 day window)This watch is so helpful with my positive health journey.  It is extremely easy to change bands and face protective cases and so much fun shopping for more bands and protective cases!My wife has been wearing her watch for almost a month. She upgraded from Series 5 to Series 8. Battery life is definitely an improvement. The screen is brighter and easier to read. Highly recommend!Works flawlessly. Beautiful screena and all the health features you could want. Got this over the SE2 because it has a keyboard and the screen is a bit bigger.Easy to setup. My wife switched from fitbit to apple watch and she loved it!!! Really neat features especially the health-realted functions.
Love my new apple watch. I had an older version and the updates on this are great. The battery life also is so much better than my old watchI have had previous Apple Watches it was time for an upgrade. I am pleased with this watch just the same. I would definitely recommend it if you have an iPhone.I love my new Apple 8 watch!  I highly recommend it to anyone who likes to track fitness, keep up with all new messages and personal customized notifications.I upgraded from the Apple Watch 4 and can’t really say that there was a big noticeable improvement. It works as expected, very smooth and easy to pair with my iPhone. Battery life is very good given the always on display. Using it to measure sleep is an okay feature, but not really ideal due to battery life unless you can charge during the day.Watch works really well, about whats expected of an apple watch with an Iphone 14.  Like the new emergency feature.  Battery life seems ok, day and a half.I love my watch. It displays sports like pickleball. Display can be seen in the sun. When driving it gives a little Mitch on my wrist to turn & can be seen clearly.What an upgrade- upgraded from an Apple Watch Series 3 that kept running out of storage- a bit smaller in size which is niceMuch improved over my previous Apple watch. So many things it can do. Still learning the neat features of the watch. Best investment I made on a watch. ever.My I-watch is working with no issues. All items bought from this store is of great quality and good customer service at the store as wellHuge upgrade from Series 4. Great watch! Very useful to track my active life without being as big and bulky as the Ultra.Going from my beat up 5 to the newest model was a no brainer. Easy to sync and does what I need it. Looked at Garmin but stuck with Apple due to price.Great product! Really impressed with the new features and the function and user-friendliness is amazing. Overall would recommend to anyone!I love the series 8 Apple Watch.  The larger screen is wonderful. It makes things really clear. I love the new color and I love the pulse oximeterI love the new series 8! I previously had the series 3. It was finally time for a upgrade and I am satisfied.I got this for my wife to go with her new iPhone 14 pro for a birthday/xmas gift.. i just don't know the point?? Apple people seem to not be able to live without it for some reason ..She can't do half the things with it i thought it would do for her..no ring live feed/ wyze or blink feed... it needs charged every other day with little use.. the health stats are waaaay off...it to me is just another overpriced apple product that in 3 years even though it works fine Apple stops giving it updates and when they do it one last time it  kills the battery just like with my iphone 4+5..2 ipads and  2 mac book pros.. if you like apple it is a great thing but i am not a fan of the company and deceptive practices.. Very disappointedGreat upgrade to my previous Apple Watch. New features and good battery life-even with numerous apps in useI bought this apple watch for my daughter 
She loves it.. very secure, she loves the color and its perfect size for her age.. very happyWonderful watch. Gives alot of options to keep you updated on activities along with keeping you active.Very happy. Much better than Galaxy Watch that I had. Only complaint is that the # of steps is hidden.Wasn't sure about upgrading from the Series 6 but I love the bigger brighter screen.  Like the new color as well very subtle
I upgraded a Series 2 for this one. Display is sharp, the upgraded faces and colors are also great. Blood oxygen option is good.Bought this for my wife, and she is thrilled. She loves the cardiac and sleep monitoring it provides.Excellent. I really like this watch and the numerous features it has especially activity and medical.This is the first time I had an Apple Watch! I was told my my sister I would love it !! And I do !!!I like the series 8 especially the ecg and oxygenation monitoring. I got the 41mm and it was not too big! So far works great!Its a beautiful watch simple easy to navigate volume on incoming calls is high and you can listen clear. I love it.Apple Watch 8 great though not much different than 7. Like the quick delivery through Best Buy.I love it, the best in smart watches . It charges very fast and the battery lasts a long time.At times it’s a vexation as it prompts according to activity, but it is definitely a help in monitoring the daily rhythms of email, texts and phone calls. It is capable of more than I want to learn, but I seem to rely on it more than I anticipated, so perhaps it will gently lead me on.I like the color but was hoping it had a little rose color but i like that it’s not the shiny sliver color.  This is my 4th apple watch and love them.Love the watch as I can get heartrate and other vitals on the screen in minutes.  Also , like to be able to get calls and messages asap.great battery life! upgraded from a 2 definitely a better watch love the different featuresgreat customer service! Got it for my sister for her birthday and she couldn't believe it.As usual its great watch, I had series 5 then I get this both is great but this one has better battery lifetime, and some apps is newMy daughter is an Apple junkie... lol.  She loves the color and thw watch band versions.Love my new Apple Watch Series 8. It was super easy to set up. Looks awesome on my arm.My first Apple Watch and use a lot for health and exercise activities! So far so good!It’s everything that I expected. I really like the step counter and move goal. Love the ability to trade out bands.If you want to upgrade your watch or your phone, go for the watch. Its cheaper and has sos crash detection.Very happy with the watch.  Enjoying the extra functionality from my previous tracker.  So far, so good!
I am quite pleased with my watch.  I’m learning about various functions everyday.Sleek looking, great color , I would tecommend this style and color for everyoneFits much better than my previous I watch.   The face on my 5 was too big and felt it alot when wearing.I like it. The color is pretty cool. The lasts longer than my previous  watch.Love the watch. Changed over from other watches and will be staying with one!Wanted all the new features like fitness and crash/fall protection. Apple delivers again with EKG.Love my new watch it’s the third one I have owned. They keep getting better!love this new watch its everything i needed for work and for everyday life..I love the new Apple Watch!! The new watch faces are pretty cool, it’s very comfortable to wear with the band that comes with it.Apple makes great products. They know how to keep you in their eco system.I love the fast charging and the quicker response I upgraded from first generation Apple Watch SEI loooove my Apple Watch. Definitely helps me keep track of EVERYTHING (:Came in just with an opened box with everything included and works great.Good watch with new features. Working very good. All features are workingLove my new watch! Meets and exceeds all expectations!!! Battery lasts longer than my 3.Love my Apple Watch coming from series 2 it’s the best. Thanks Best Buy!Great watch love it I highly recommend it This watch is great you wont be disappointedGreat watch! Long battery life and the always on display is wonderful.Apple again delivers, great feature updates and functionality. Easy to setup and delivers.Best Apple 8 watch ever! It is sleek, and you always see the time. It tracks your jog, or walk. Great watch!
Fastcharge is handy, integrates with everything you would hope for.Nice watch with clear display. I like the new design and features.No issues! Very durable! I just purchased this 8th edition after owning the very 1st edition!Great item. Faster than the previous versions. Highly recommendedUpgraded from the Apple Watch SE and it was well worth the price!Tons of new features for monitoring health such as oxygen levels!Apple Watch series 8, great watch!! I love all apple products!! I went from the 6 to an 8, love love loveThis my wife’s 3rd Apple Watch she keeps track of her steps music. Went from a series 3 to 8Upgraded from series 4 - love the qwerty keyboard for texting. Battery life is also much betterThis watch is very accurate and i love the way it feels on and how durable it is.Love it works great. This is my first one. Love that I can even shower with itMy girlfriend got this is a gift & she loves it! Big upgrade & the pick up was easy!The best smart watch ever and totally having a blast with it,I always wear my apple watch! Fast charging easy to use screen size is perfect.Love it. Terrific new features and am enjoying getting to know the watch’s capabilitiesLike the watch. Changed the band to something more durable.Got it for my girlfriend that had been saving up for a 7 and she loves it.Love the Series 8 Apple watch.  Battery lasts a long time.Upgraded from the Apple Watch three and it’s well worth itI absolutely love my new Apple Watch. It is exactly as it is described.
For my girl’s birthday gift, i choose to buy this little red stuff. She loves it.I love my new Apple Watch. It holds a good charge. The large face makes it easy to use and see.Easy to set up and use. Good price found through best buyLove my Apple watch, works amazing and  looks beautiful.I’m satisfied about the quality I made a good purchase!!Great features, easy to set up, ability to call ems if in an accident is a great added feature!Love the large face.  The red color is bright.  Not much different from my iwatch 6.  Still love it thoughI bought this watch for my wife and she really liked itExcellent watch love everything about Apple Watch 8 my midnight colorGREAT WATCH, DON'T KNOW WHY I WAITED SO LONG, ILOVE ITBought this Apple Watch for my daughter. She loves it!second apple watch. once again a great device by appleI updated my Apple iWatch almost every other two years. The quality is great.Definitely a fan of the new watch!! But doesnt have a ton of new gadgets.Got for my wife and it has been great to monitor health. Seems accurate and syncs well with her phone.I love this watch and all the new features.  It was so easy to migrate from my old iWatch.Really nice. Has many features and helpful to keep track of health essentials.Working at a place where you can’t use your phone, having this Apple Watch really does do the trick!Great battery life. Easy to use. Meets expectationsGreat looking, intuitive, counts steps. Easy to use
Love it t!!  Tracts my walking and standing, etc.  it is definitely a motivating component for me!Awesome.. I were it all the time every time …………..Ordered online and was here the next day.  So easyawesome watch upgrade from my series 4.
quick delivery of this product from Best Buy - well ahead of what was originally said.I love my new Apple Watch.
I have owed three other Apple watches and this new one is byOutstanding upgrade from series 2 watch. Like the larger size and multiple health features!I made the jump from the Series 5 to the Series 8. And I don't regret it.  What I value most is the increased battery life.Love this watch!!! Does everything I could ever want and more!I am enjoying my Apple Watch. The features such has exercise and sleep are very nice.Excellent design is very good nice color stylish watches designsI bought this Apple Watch for my wife as an upgrade to her 6th generation Apple Watch.  She loves it. Simply perfectGreat! Stylish, easy to switch out the bands.  Really love the in depth sleep app.Upgraded from series 6 to series 8. All good and definitely recommend.Love the new features. Now to get some new bands to go along with it.Great smart watch specially the health apps very helpfully to monitor the healthExcellent product. Everything as expected
Keep in mind, charger is not includedEasy to set up with an iPhone. Now I don’t have to take the phone in and out of pocket to check notifications.The best watch money can buy.  Don’t hesitate, buy now!Love  the fact that there is different colors for wrist bands. Very easy to use and has many features.Well worth the wait . The series 8 watch has come a long way .
Wonderful watch. Bought it for my wife. She loves it.It arrived on the day it was supposed to, its great and I wear it every day.So excited I finally got a new watch. Upgraded from Series 3, love the new features.Apple watch is the best smart watch for me, easy to use, multi functional and elegant.A practical for every day help nice and beautiful !Bought this as a gift for my sister. She loves it!!This watch is amazing. I love everything about it!This watch is awesome. I had an older version prior to this and that update is great.Overall a good watch. Comfortable durable and long battery lifeApple watch series 8 is outstanding!  It has wonderful features on  it.  I couldn't be happier.My girls are loving their new watches.  Easy to use and set up.Bought it as a gift for my money and she loves using it.Amazing product. Would definitely recommend!!!!!!!Very happy with this watch it was a great upgrade!I love it! It is lighter not heavy as it used to beThis is exactly what I wanted, and was delivered on the day promised.I had a 3 before I love the 8 and can do so much moreLove my new Apple Watch. This eight is a replacement of an Apple three series.Great watch. Big screen! Lasts longer than my Series 5I love this watch. It is so easy to use.  I I would buy it again.
Very happy with the updated version of the Apple Watch.Love the new color and the quality of the screen is great.Great product !! Everthing is awesome. Would buy againSo convenient and easy to use stylish love the colorPerfect s/m size for my wrist and the stardust color is so pretty!Overall i liked the series 8 watch its pretty good.sleek and nice love the way it looks on my wrist!!So easy to order and was delivered on time 
Excellent productWatch is amazing!!! Love the sleep tracking and temp tracking.My Iwatch is great. I’ve had one for about 7 years.Awesome! Really works well for exercise and daily usage.Love the watch!!
Sales agent was great!!!
Would buy again!!Excelente , I’m so happy with my new watch
I can track my heart rateTells time, fits wrist, connects to phone, what more is there to say?The Apple Watch is very good and I recommend for everyoneLooks good, very beautiful color white
Apple like usually made a great productmy wife loved her birthday present!!  good quality, light and very resistantGreat watch got it as gift. Upgraded from series 2 to 8I like all the feature of this watch particularly when mine do her greetingsLove it. Super easy to use. My wife loves the look too.
I’m in love with my new Apple Watch series 8. Worth the money you pay forwas very easy to pair with iphone, easy to setup and useVery lightweight and super comfortable! Easy to use !So far so good.  Only had the watch for a few weeks.Pretty good and help to increase the quality of life.
Love itSuper easy to setup and link to existing account.  My wife loves it so far!Better battery life than previous model. Quick charging once battery starts running down. Easily records activity included in Activity app. Would recommend this watch.My wife loves it, it goes perfect with her iPhone 14 pmAwesome watch thanks for keeping it available in the inventory!Another great Apple Watch!!Love the new features and technology!!Excellent Apple Watch.  Everything that I expectedThis is a great watch, amazing what it can do. I’m glad I made this purchase.Love my new watch! Very pretty too. Keeps me motivated.Best ever! Great battery life. Great new features. Thanks Apple.So far really like my new watch . Pretty cool!! Lots of nice features!!Great watch. Great features and nice color for women.Very nice. And I needed to replace my watch series 3.Love the watch but not sure it was worth the upgrade from my series 5.  I do like the larger face and longer battery lifeThe color is beautiful and is the best apple watchIt’s a beautiful watch. Nice design. Very easy to set up. The battery life could be better. Overall I’m happy with it.
Took getting used to from the Samsung watch but I love it. If you keep your Wi-Fi off the battery lasts so much longer. I’m so glad I pickedExcellent. Watch has many updates since series 7. Love it. Got a custom belt on mine.It is convenient to send a message by speaking to it. Nice color and display quality is good. The battery is last long. I can use it for 2 day.Great watch but its a little bit expensive. Works great for people keep track on their steps and caloriesGood for my health monitor easy to access on my phone everytime am workingWith it being 45mm and no bigger than a lot of my watches. It is comfortable on my wrist for all day wear, and every health function works perfectly. I like tracking my activity, heart rate, and sleep. There are tons of functions and by the way, using it as a phone works brilliantly except in really noisy situations. The black band is very comfortable, easy to cinch with one hand and looks terrific. I haven’t and will probably never use the diving function, but it’s nice that it’s available. The GPS tracking and backtrack work great also. Lastly, I have been averaging around 72 hours on each charge, and I never have let it get below 20 percent. I had the original Apple Watch and this one is a just so much better.   I highly recommend it.Beautiful piece! Love the health tracking, display is gorgeous. First watch I’ve owned in years that fits my wrist correctly ( mine are a little on the thin side.)
Charges very quickly with the new 20 volt chargers. 
Battery life could probably be better but it’s an always on display. Mates well with my iPhone 13 Pro Max.
Overall, after reading reviews and those said if you’re going to get an Apple watch, wait for the 8. I did and it did not disappoint. Price didn’t seem ridiculously high and the benefits outweigh the cost. 
If you’re thinking about one and cost isn’t a concern get it. 
Best Buy was great. Had them in stiock and took care of an initial defect with the watch band immediately.The last watch I had was series 7 GPS+Cellular and the battery would last 2 days. My husband got the series 8 GPS only for my birthday. It feels a tad bit lighter and lasts almost 3 full days when I turn off certain apps I don’t use. When I’m busy I use the watch to answer phone calls, messages and Siri to set timers, it also drains the battery quicker when you use the fitness app. But I don’t mind. I love the new series 8 in product red and hopefully can get one for my husband due to phone restriction at work. It would probably be better to buy this expensive watch on a Black Friday to save $$$. I couldn’t wait to get mine since they came out a day before my birthday…This is a nice iWatch.  I traded a 44mm Series 6 for this Series 8 45mm watch.  Much of the functionality is the same or very similar to the Series 6.  Some of the health functions are upgraded.  The watch does require that your iPhone be upgraded to iOS 16 or above.  The 45mm watch accepts watchbands that fit earlier versions of the 44mm iWatch.  I'm not a fan of the silicone watch band that comes with the watch so I traded it for a nylon sport loop watch band.  You do need to know whether you need a small or large watchband as Apple no longer supplies both in the box.I love my new Apple Watch!  Sales people were top notch, courteous, respectful, knowledgeable and willing to apply a screen saver and bumper guard to my purchase.  Yes, it increased their sales.  It also safeguarded my new purchase prior to wearing it for the first time.  Thank you Best Buy-Bangor Maine!Loving this and glad I went with the bigger screen.  It is taking some getting used to since I'm coming from Samsung but it hasn't been too difficult. I had to switch out the band because it made my wrist sweat too much, like how it be if you stay in water to long if that makes any sense, because I like to wear it tight. I also love the red.  The dial is very nice and responsive.Beautiful watch! This is the latest generation and I am so happy I purchased it. The health features are awesome! The many things this watch does, is fantastic. I love the finish. It goes with all of my replacement bands. It is a very pretty universal color. The watch is a great time keeper also!When I purchased my watch they had to order it the manager said when I received my watch at my house to bring it in and they would set it up for me I took it in and the guy was rude and said it would be 40.00 I didn’t appreciate that and went elsewhereApple Watch series 8 I found not to much different than the 7 series. Definitely has a quicker charge time along with battery life. Yet it does have some additional running functions and sleep evaluation function. This information has been helpful for my dr.I never thought that I would need or want an Apple I watch.  Using an older hand me down for a few days completely changed my mind.  I am completely sold on my new Version 8 Apple I Watch. I don’t know how I managed without it!This platform is considerably better for health monitoring and sleep tracking. I was reluctant to change from a platform I knew, but I love it. The always-on dial works, and it dims at bedtime.I had the series 5 and upgrading to the 7 was a good upgrade. Love how fast the system is.I workout everyday and it is very helpful during my workouts.Amazing. I just wish it had more features. I wish I could take my temperature at any time and. for the microphone to work when I answer a call. I have to turn off the Apple Watch series 8. After turning it back on, the mic works again. However for just a short time. Yes I don’t have it updated to the newest software available.Finally gave in and upgraded my Apple Watch. Reps in the store did a great job helping me make the decision as to which one to get.Bought this for my wife and she absolutely loves it with her new iPhone 14 Pro. The white and silver looks really nice in person.
Took getting used to from the Samsung watch but I love it. If you keep your Wi-Fi off the battery lasts so much longer. I’m so glad I pickedExcellent. Watch has many updates since series 7. Love it. Got a custom belt on mine.It is convenient to send a message by speaking to it. Nice color and display quality is good. The battery is last long. I can use it for 2 day.Great watch but its a little bit expensive. Works great for people keep track on their steps and caloriesGood for my health monitor easy to access on my phone everytime am workingWith it being 45mm and no bigger than a lot of my watches. It is comfortable on my wrist for all day wear, and every health function works perfectly. I like tracking my activity, heart rate, and sleep. There are tons of functions and by the way, using it as a phone works brilliantly except in really noisy situations. The black band is very comfortable, easy to cinch with one hand and looks terrific. I haven’t and will probably never use the diving function, but it’s nice that it’s available. The GPS tracking and backtrack work great also. Lastly, I have been averaging around 72 hours on each charge, and I never have let it get below 20 percent. I had the original Apple Watch and this one is a just so much better.   I highly recommend it.Beautiful piece! Love the health tracking, display is gorgeous. First watch I’ve owned in years that fits my wrist correctly ( mine are a little on the thin side.)
Charges very quickly with the new 20 volt chargers. 
Battery life could probably be better but it’s an always on display. Mates well with my iPhone 13 Pro Max.
Overall, after reading reviews and those said if you’re going to get an Apple watch, wait for the 8. I did and it did not disappoint. Price didn’t seem ridiculously high and the benefits outweigh the cost. 
If you’re thinking about one and cost isn’t a concern get it. 
Best Buy was great. Had them in stiock and took care of an initial defect with the watch band immediately.The last watch I had was series 7 GPS+Cellular and the battery would last 2 days. My husband got the series 8 GPS only for my birthday. It feels a tad bit lighter and lasts almost 3 full days when I turn off certain apps I don’t use. When I’m busy I use the watch to answer phone calls, messages and Siri to set timers, it also drains the battery quicker when you use the fitness app. But I don’t mind. I love the new series 8 in product red and hopefully can get one for my husband due to phone restriction at work. It would probably be better to buy this expensive watch on a Black Friday to save $$$. I couldn’t wait to get mine since they came out a day before my birthday…This is a nice iWatch.  I traded a 44mm Series 6 for this Series 8 45mm watch.  Much of the functionality is the same or very similar to the Series 6.  Some of the health functions are upgraded.  The watch does require that your iPhone be upgraded to iOS 16 or above.  The 45mm watch accepts watchbands that fit earlier versions of the 44mm iWatch.  I'm not a fan of the silicone watch band that comes with the watch so I traded it for a nylon sport loop watch band.  You do need to know whether you need a small or large watchband as Apple no longer supplies both in the box.I love my new Apple Watch!  Sales people were top notch, courteous, respectful, knowledgeable and willing to apply a screen saver and bumper guard to my purchase.  Yes, it increased their sales.  It also safeguarded my new purchase prior to wearing it for the first time.  Thank you Best Buy-Bangor Maine!Loving this and glad I went with the bigger screen.  It is taking some getting used to since I'm coming from Samsung but it hasn't been too difficult. I had to switch out the band because it made my wrist sweat too much, like how it be if you stay in water to long if that makes any sense, because I like to wear it tight. I also love the red.  The dial is very nice and responsive.Beautiful watch! This is the latest generation and I am so happy I purchased it. The health features are awesome! The many things this watch does, is fantastic. I love the finish. It goes with all of my replacement bands. It is a very pretty universal color. The watch is a great time keeper also!When I purchased my watch they had to order it the manager said when I received my watch at my house to bring it in and they would set it up for me I took it in and the guy was rude and said it would be 40.00 I didn’t appreciate that and went elsewhereApple Watch series 8 I found not to much different than the 7 series. Definitely has a quicker charge time along with battery life. Yet it does have some additional running functions and sleep evaluation function. This information has been helpful for my dr.I never thought that I would need or want an Apple I watch.  Using an older hand me down for a few days completely changed my mind.  I am completely sold on my new Version 8 Apple I Watch. I don’t know how I managed without it!This platform is considerably better for health monitoring and sleep tracking. I was reluctant to change from a platform I knew, but I love it. The always-on dial works, and it dims at bedtime.I had the series 5 and upgrading to the 7 was a good upgrade. Love how fast the system is.I workout everyday and it is very helpful during my workouts.Amazing. I just wish it had more features. I wish I could take my temperature at any time and. for the microphone to work when I answer a call. I have to turn off the Apple Watch series 8. After turning it back on, the mic works again. However for just a short time. Yes I don’t have it updated to the newest software available.Finally gave in and upgraded my Apple Watch. Reps in the store did a great job helping me make the decision as to which one to get.I love my new watch!!  I went from a series 5 to this one and wow what a difference! So much more information available and fast.
I love my new watch!!  I went from a series 5 to this one and wow what a difference! So much more information available and fast.Best watch on the planet and the only reason I took it back is because I bought the wrong band size but went right back to buy the same one with the right large to medium bandUpgraded from the series 6. Very happy I did. Love the improved screen and better battery. And i got lucky BestBuy had a flash deal on it.Exceeded my expectations, I had a Samsung watch that didn’t integrate well with my iPhone.   Apple Watch integration is awesomeBest watch in my opinion I had a series 3 and series 5 and this one is my favorite. Its  I love how fast it is and key board…Great watch ive been yusing apple watches for a while now and i really like how much the excercising tracking has improved a lotAbsolutely love my new Apple watch. The band color is nice and neutral and the screen size is such an upgrade from my small Apple watch series 3.Better than expected!! Love the larger face and choice of faces. Although I never hope to use it, love the Crash Detection feature.I absolutely love this watch.  The update and the ease of setting it up for fitness use.  The battery life is awesome.Great watch, easy set up, large enough to read, comfortable to wear, and has many free features!Great watch the price was worth the money the staff at bestbuy were very help full A+ good workLove my Apple Watch, it’s so comfortable and easier to access than my phone (while I’m at work)This review is simply based on my own personal uses for a smart watch. Thank goodness for totaltech through Best Buy. Apple care included for 24 months. I love Apple products but this fails the test. Too expensive, horrid battery life and oh so easy to scratch and damage. I don’t need something this easy to damage in my daily life. It’s a status item in many ways although having cellular capabilities without your cellphone in Bluetooth range is really only practical advantage and that comes at a significant cost. Possibly the new extreme Apple Watch could merit the investment if battery life and durability are improved. Beyond that for fitness capabilities and durability buy a garmin or a fit bit and save your money. If you do buy this watch you better purchase apple care or be a totaltech Best Buy member. You will have serious buyers remorse if you don’t.I am a huge Apple Watch fan. I bought one for my wife and one for me using the trade in system provided by Best Buy.  Absolutely loving the series 8 and it updated features.Love the watch. quite a difference from my series 4. A little larger which I enjoy. Good response, and battery. Price was great alsoGreat price!! Absolutely love the watch!!
12 month no interest rate for member great!!Sales person was awesome explained all of the functions.Great buy at a great price. User friendly.The watch looks great, and I love how it works with my iPhone.  I've upgraded from the series 4 and this is so much betterAwesome product as always apple clearly delivers a superior and quality productApple series 8 watch does so many good things. Seeing my sleep patterns. The band doesn’t secure all that great
Liked it after upgrading from series 2 to series 8. I don’t think there is much difference from series 7.Best Watch out there for health and workout related stuff. Can’t go wrong with apple watchLove it and the new features it’s a big change over my old Apple Watch 6. The new features are Great!!I bought the Apple Watch Series  8 GPS for my son to use at work. It's very reliable.Much much faster speeds compared to a series 3 that I upgraded from. The new health features are amazing. The red color seems to be scratch resistantWhat can I say Apple Watch just keep getting better and better worth!For a gift. Scheduled picking up in time. As usually nice quality. Hooping good performance
My daughter happy!
At the moment can’t confirm performance. Will wait for some weeks month to discover potential. Her first Iwatch complementing others Apple productsLove my new Apple Watch. Love the bigger screen and QWERTY keyboard. It charges quickly and lasts longer.Love my watch!  I got the bigger screen, I had a 41mm before.  Love the color, quality, etc.Worth the upgrade coming from a series 3 with some new featuresI upgraded from Series 4. So its a nice upgrade. Specially like the bigger dial. Charges much faster that the series 4.This watch would not work  out of  the  box. I had  to spend  an hour  with Apple  service  to  get it to work. The  watch has the same problem as  the last  one : I have to unpair it  and  then pair  it to  make the always on mode  work. Disappointing.I am an Apple guy, I have been wearing apple watches for many years and this is the best one so far.This is a beautiful watch with nice size screen. The graphics are fastI upgraded my apple watch 4 and its so worth it. Wayy faster than my last one.Best smart watch in the market other than the ultra version, would recommend to anyone that has an iPhoneThis is my first Apple Watch. I like it. My son ordered him one when mine came inThe new Apple Watch is great love the new features they added to itThis watch is very comfortable, and I like the color.Not much else to say about it. Works great.  Get one!
excellent watch. highly recommend this watch. definitely go get oneFits great on the wrist and love the ability to change watch bands.i like watch and it works great but the band that came with the watch was to small before the 8 i purchased a 4 and it came with two strap reg and large and for the price i think it should come with a band that fits everyone that the reason for the 4 starFinally upgraded from a series 3 to a series 8 Apple Watch and it’s worth the new purchaseGreat watch with many features.  Easy to set up and easy to useHighly recommend. Works better than the series 3 I used to have.Great product. It’s apple. It works perfectly always without any problems.Loved it. It was a nice gift for my husband and he really enjoys it.Great health tracker wearable from Apple. Does what it is supposed and complements if you have an iPhone.Apple Watch 8… almost identical to my version 6.. but figured time to trade in for newer batterypretty good, easy to use. confortable. every body can use itLove the new features. Now to get some new bands to go along with it.Definitely a better version than previous ones! Am impressed with battery life.Awesome product better than the last Apple does it againBe aware of the band size. The Best Buy associate pulled the item from the storage without asking me about wrist size. In the past Apple had included two different size bands in the box. Tried to wear it for two days. Too small.I did an upgrade from series 4 and I love the new one.Upgraded my wife’s series 4 and this the 8 is amazing.I love my watch and is the perfect size for my wristVery nice. Thank you for creating and selling thisNice unit. This is my fifth one and they keep getting better
Ordered it two days and got it super fast. Had to get one with my iPhone 14Pro MaxBig difference between my series 3 and now 8! Many improvements such as the ECGI love this device i love the tecnologic i love best buyGot it as replacement to Apple Watch 5 and happy with itReplaced Series 4 Apple watch. Much bigger screen and no lag.Absolutely love my new watch was a well needed upgradeLove it! Works perfectly!!  I would totally recommendProduct Performance as advertised. Very pleased with my purchase.Love! Love! Love! Love! Love! Love! Love! Love! Love!Fabulous performance.  Nice new features.  Great valueLove the large face on this watch.  Great watch overallVery nice color. Love the watch. I would like to get a different band though.So may options on this watch compared to my fitbit!!Yeah boy I havr this watch what more can I ask forEasy purchase and setup ecg and heart are both accurateGREAT watch!!! Just wish it was space grey. It’s hard to find metal bands to match.Bought the 8 for my wife. She uses it everyday during her busy schedule. Great features.Love the larger size.  Has many more options to play with.I love anything Apple and that includes my new watch.This was a nice Nice upgrade from prior Apple Watch
I went from a 4 to an 8 and have loved it so far. It a lot more speedier and the new features like blood oxygen levels are neat.Very Good and amazing, a big difference between my series 3I upgraded from an Apple Watch series 4 and this is a significant upgrade for me. The fast charging is a game changer for the sleep tracking feature.Best watch I have ever owned!! Wish the battery life was betterLove the watch it exceeded my expectations by far this is my first Apple Watch the only issues I have is battery life sucksReally no different than the series 8.  Returned it and bought the ultrawith it having crash deciton when u  crash ur vehicle it calls 911 for u that is a  life saver and check ur temperature and a little bit more now if you think it isn't upgrade from series 7 go for the ultra but I will warn u  it will require u to have on ur phone bill for it to workThe BEST service I have experienced without yearly membership (AMZ) order place at 11 AM and delivered at 2:55 PM
Thank you!!
I basically wear g-shocks exclusively, unless I’m dressing up, so I don’t like small watches. I’ve always hated the small and almost feminine look of Apple watches until now. Now the price point is probably the only set back on this thing but it definitely feels like a better quality watch than any other series I’ve seen. My girlfriend just bought the new series 8 and that thing feels cheap to me.
The large face on the ultra actually makes it possible for me to use it and the battery life is great. I had this thing on for 12 hours the first day and my battery was at 74% when I took it off (straight out of the box, never charged). The action button is a neat add-on and the white ocean band seems to be top-notch quality. It is very secure on your wrist and that’s good for me because I don’t like when a watch is constant sliding around while your doing stuff throughout the day. It’s also comfortable, so snagging your arm hairs or anything and I went to the gym with no issues whatsoever.
If you are super outdoorsy, I would definitely recommend looking at Garmin before buying this. Garmin battery life is usually at least a few weeks on a single charge with very similar features. For an extra $100, going Garmin will get you a very comparable device with like 28+ days of battery per charge and also offer solar charging. I only went with Apple for the flawless compatibility between the devices and maybe for a little extra flash. If you’re looking for a hardcore rugged lifestyle watch, Garmin is probably the better brand for you. The Apple Watch Ultra is very robust for an Apple product but I wouldn’t recommend spending the money if $799 is going to be a stretch for you. Side by side with the series 8, there’s not really $400ish in differences, more build-quality than anything else. I only did it because I had a device to trade in and a $100 gift card, otherwise I just don’t know if I would have pulled the trigger. Overall, very solid product and I don’t have any legitimate complaints thus far.Finally an Apple Watch for me. I love the Apple ecosystem and have had an Apple Watch since the first one was announced. My main gripe about the previous Apple Watch versions was that they were too small. I’m a big guy 6’6” and 275 lbs and a 44mm Apple Watch looked tiny on my wrist. When I put the Apple Watch ultra on I finally felt like it was a perfect fit. It doesn’t feel heavy and has a great look. The battery life is the best yet. If you like the look of a bigger watch and are willing to pay more for it you won’t be disappointed.So far I love this watch. I’ve literally been waiting for this watch since the day the smart watch was ever first thought about. I thought it might have been too large at first, but after a few days, it feels like any other traditional watch I’ve owned of a similar weight, maybe a little more comfortable. I was worried it might dig into the top of my wrist when my hand was flat on a surface, but no problem. No issues wearing it to bed either. I do think they clould have given you at least 2 bands though. The diver band isn’t terrible, but not the one I’d want to wear all the time.I’d have to say awesome watch! I’ve had every watch since the first one and I must say what I paid for this one I am very pleased with the quality. Paired it to my phone and was done ready to use. I don’t use it for diving but I use the other features. The only draw back is the band. If you have a bigger wrist I recommend buying another band like the green one.Love this watch! It takes a little getting used to due to the size of it, but I wouldn’t go back to a regular Apple Watch after having the Ultra for several days. I had purchased the stainless steel 8 series and really liked it and couldn’t decide if I should get the Ultra. I happen to find one available in store so picked it up and fell in love! It doesn’t look as big in person as it does in photos. I get 2 days out of a charge!I absolutely love this watch! The charge on it lasts at least two days and that’s with me doing 1 to 1.5 hours of exercising a day! The screen size is wonderful and when I need to text on it the letters are bigger due to a larger screen and so much easier to type. Out of all versions this one by far is my absolute favorite! Highly recommend!It’s not a dress watch. It’s a sports watch and if you are used to rugged watches thats all you need. The battery life is great and if you’re unhappy with the one color just buy a bumper case at best buy. My favorite watch so far. I’m even tracking my sleep with it and love the new sleep feature. By the way it’s about twice as heavy as the Apple Watch 7 45 mm.If you like a bigger, brighter screen with awesome battery life, this watch is for you.  Upgraded from the series 6 and it was well worth the upgrade.  This watch oozes quality and craftsmanship.  Didn't prefer the default band that came with the watch and got the Nomad sport band in its place.Amazing Apple Watch. Upgrading from my series 6 stainless steel gold and the best difference was the size and battery life. I do miss the gold but this watch paired with classic silver link band is unbeatable and classicHaving tested my Apple Watch Ultra for a few day’s, I"ve noticed something shocking – it does feel as exclusive as Apple's initial video presentation might have you believe. It's correct to say the Apple Watch Ultra isn't for everyone. And yet, I'm more than comfortable recommending it to the 99% of the people in the world who don't ocean dive, climb mountains, or whatever else hardcore athletes and other adventurers do regularly.I have the 7 45mm, I always want the new electronics. The ultra battery life is so much better, and it reads my heart beat consistently on my non dominant hand that has a sleeve tattoo compared to the 7.Apple Watch ultra! Love the size, function and battery life. Had to order the white band due to the others not available. Just order another watch band and swap it on. They all fit from the previous watches.Took it scuba diving to 28 meters deep. It works great and the screen was the clearest and brightest when compared to Shearwater and Suunto. Wish the Oceanic+ app was ready. The band stays in place much better than the band on a Suunto dive computer.Fantastic screen, chunky build that might be too much for smaller wrists. Looks good with older Apple watch bands. Battery life maybe 50% better than series 7.I have had several Apple Watches out the years .. series 1, 3, 5 and 7. This is favorite. The band is comfy. It’s bigger. Nice looking. Fun. Favorite so far.I am extremely impressed by the way it looks, but the band is very small, a little bit longer would make it perfect. The Watch Ultra also fits the previous gen bands.Love the new Ultra, but I will say the battery life is not quite what I expected.  I thought i'd get days [possibly up to three] with the new battery life, but I'm barely getting two days.  So if you are upgrading for battery life, 'not so much'.  It is bigger than the Nike series 4 I replaced it with, but I do love the bigger screen and the extra function button.This is my first titanium and stainless steel watch. Its heavier than I expected. Ive always gone with the aluminum casing variants in the past.Premium product for a premium price. Love the rugged built and the watch just looks amazing.Bought for my wife whose an Apple Finatic, she didn’t know she wanted until she got it, now she loves it..
I basically wear g-shocks exclusively, unless I’m dressing up, so I don’t like small watches. I’ve always hated the small and almost feminine look of Apple watches until now. Now the price point is probably the only set back on this thing but it definitely feels like a better quality watch than any other series I’ve seen. My girlfriend just bought the new series 8 and that thing feels cheap to me.
The large face on the ultra actually makes it possible for me to use it and the battery life is great. I had this thing on for 12 hours the first day and my battery was at 74% when I took it off (straight out of the box, never charged). The action button is a neat add-on and the white ocean band seems to be top-notch quality. It is very secure on your wrist and that’s good for me because I don’t like when a watch is constant sliding around while your doing stuff throughout the day. It’s also comfortable, so snagging your arm hairs or anything and I went to the gym with no issues whatsoever.
If you are super outdoorsy, I would definitely recommend looking at Garmin before buying this. Garmin battery life is usually at least a few weeks on a single charge with very similar features. For an extra $100, going Garmin will get you a very comparable device with like 28+ days of battery per charge and also offer solar charging. I only went with Apple for the flawless compatibility between the devices and maybe for a little extra flash. If you’re looking for a hardcore rugged lifestyle watch, Garmin is probably the better brand for you. The Apple Watch Ultra is very robust for an Apple product but I wouldn’t recommend spending the money if $799 is going to be a stretch for you. Side by side with the series 8, there’s not really $400ish in differences, more build-quality than anything else. I only did it because I had a device to trade in and a $100 gift card, otherwise I just don’t know if I would have pulled the trigger. Overall, very solid product and I don’t have any legitimate complaints thus far.Finally an Apple Watch for me. I love the Apple ecosystem and have had an Apple Watch since the first one was announced. My main gripe about the previous Apple Watch versions was that they were too small. I’m a big guy 6’6” and 275 lbs and a 44mm Apple Watch looked tiny on my wrist. When I put the Apple Watch ultra on I finally felt like it was a perfect fit. It doesn’t feel heavy and has a great look. The battery life is the best yet. If you like the look of a bigger watch and are willing to pay more for it you won’t be disappointed.So far I love this watch. I’ve literally been waiting for this watch since the day the smart watch was ever first thought about. I thought it might have been too large at first, but after a few days, it feels like any other traditional watch I’ve owned of a similar weight, maybe a little more comfortable. I was worried it might dig into the top of my wrist when my hand was flat on a surface, but no problem. No issues wearing it to bed either. I do think they clould have given you at least 2 bands though. The diver band isn’t terrible, but not the one I’d want to wear all the time.I’d have to say awesome watch! I’ve had every watch since the first one and I must say what I paid for this one I am very pleased with the quality. Paired it to my phone and was done ready to use. I don’t use it for diving but I use the other features. The only draw back is the band. If you have a bigger wrist I recommend buying another band like the green one.Love this watch! It takes a little getting used to due to the size of it, but I wouldn’t go back to a regular Apple Watch after having the Ultra for several days. I had purchased the stainless steel 8 series and really liked it and couldn’t decide if I should get the Ultra. I happen to find one available in store so picked it up and fell in love! It doesn’t look as big in person as it does in photos. I get 2 days out of a charge!I absolutely love this watch! The charge on it lasts at least two days and that’s with me doing 1 to 1.5 hours of exercising a day! The screen size is wonderful and when I need to text on it the letters are bigger due to a larger screen and so much easier to type. Out of all versions this one by far is my absolute favorite! Highly recommend!It’s not a dress watch. It’s a sports watch and if you are used to rugged watches thats all you need. The battery life is great and if you’re unhappy with the one color just buy a bumper case at best buy. My favorite watch so far. I’m even tracking my sleep with it and love the new sleep feature. By the way it’s about twice as heavy as the Apple Watch 7 45 mm.If you like a bigger, brighter screen with awesome battery life, this watch is for you.  Upgraded from the series 6 and it was well worth the upgrade.  This watch oozes quality and craftsmanship.  Didn't prefer the default band that came with the watch and got the Nomad sport band in its place.Amazing Apple Watch. Upgrading from my series 6 stainless steel gold and the best difference was the size and battery life. I do miss the gold but this watch paired with classic silver link band is unbeatable and classicHaving tested my Apple Watch Ultra for a few day’s, I"ve noticed something shocking – it does feel as exclusive as Apple's initial video presentation might have you believe. It's correct to say the Apple Watch Ultra isn't for everyone. And yet, I'm more than comfortable recommending it to the 99% of the people in the world who don't ocean dive, climb mountains, or whatever else hardcore athletes and other adventurers do regularly.I have the 7 45mm, I always want the new electronics. The ultra battery life is so much better, and it reads my heart beat consistently on my non dominant hand that has a sleeve tattoo compared to the 7.Apple Watch ultra! Love the size, function and battery life. Had to order the white band due to the others not available. Just order another watch band and swap it on. They all fit from the previous watches.Took it scuba diving to 28 meters deep. It works great and the screen was the clearest and brightest when compared to Shearwater and Suunto. Wish the Oceanic+ app was ready. The band stays in place much better than the band on a Suunto dive computer.Fantastic screen, chunky build that might be too much for smaller wrists. Looks good with older Apple watch bands. Battery life maybe 50% better than series 7.I have had several Apple Watches out the years .. series 1, 3, 5 and 7. This is favorite. The band is comfy. It’s bigger. Nice looking. Fun. Favorite so far.I am extremely impressed by the way it looks, but the band is very small, a little bit longer would make it perfect. The Watch Ultra also fits the previous gen bands.Love the new Ultra, but I will say the battery life is not quite what I expected.  I thought i'd get days [possibly up to three] with the new battery life, but I'm barely getting two days.  So if you are upgrading for battery life, 'not so much'.  It is bigger than the Nike series 4 I replaced it with, but I do love the bigger screen and the extra function button.This is my first titanium and stainless steel watch. Its heavier than I expected. Ive always gone with the aluminum casing variants in the past.Premium product for a premium price. Love the rugged built and the watch just looks amazing.Bought for my wife whose an Apple Finatic, she didn’t know she wanted until she got it, now she loves it..
Beauty!                                             
!Love the watch so glad I invested the $800. It was well worth it and I will do it again.It is the first watch I have owned that doesn't irritate my skin and the battery last for days!!!Looks very nice in my wrist!!!! The ultra watch  indeed!!Great watch with a ton of gadgets and gizmos a plentyLove the long battery live on the apple watch ultra.2-3 days of battery, 49mm,dual GPS,dust,water resistanceAmazing watch . Nice design and incledible features.Battery power is strong and enough for daily life.I’m a petite woman but ventured into buying this 49mm Ultra with the Ocean yellow band. I’ve always bought the Apple Watch in 44mm from the 1 series to the 6 series since I like big faces so it’s easier to read. The Ultra was a bit larger but it wasn’t that large for me IMO. Best part is I can switch and use my 44mm bracelets with the Ultra. I wear it daily even in my sleep to test the battery and so far, I’ve had two days of battery life. I like the siren feature the best. Also, I’m not into scuba or extreme sports. You can say I wear it casually everyday. In lieu of getting the iPhone 14 Pro Max, I decided to get me the Ultra.Ive had many iterations of  watches over the years, but this one really stood out and became my all time favorite. I love how￼ reliable, powerful, resistant and efficient it is. I do have small wrist, yet I’m totally fine wearing it as is. Lastly, it is awesome that they kept compatibility with previous watch bands as I have dozens of them! Look no further, youll be impressed!The Apple Watch Ultra, at $799, is the same price as the 45mm Stainless Steel (42mm is $749).  While the price is the same, from owning three SS Apple Watches, the Ultra is the best value them all.  What is not often mentioned in review here, or elsewhere, is while the 49mm is not much larger than the 45mm, what makes it even better is the glass is flat from edge-to-edge, rather than curved towards the edges as on all other previous models.  This allows for a better user experience overall, in my use. - - Battery life is incredible, screen bright, speakers / microphones sound good, and callers agree. - -  I got the yellow marine band, and it is not difficult to use, as some would claim.  Simply attach the band holder in place once, and then it acts like a regular watch band after, tucking the extra band into the titanium holder which has already been placed the initial use. - - I love the unique face for the Ultra, and every single detail of the watch, making this my favorite Apple Watch of all the ones I have used previously. - - I wear it everyday, dressed up with a $39.99 metal bracelet band I purchased at Best Buy, and dressed down with a leather band and the Marine Band included.  I get compliments always (though not why I wear a watch), and keep it on from the moment I get up, until I sleep.  Apple killed it with the UltraThis watch checks all the boxes I have been wanting since my first Apple Watch. I use my watch a lot. I am (T1D) Type 1 Diabetic so I monitor my blood sugar with a Dexcom G6 which shows on my watch face. I monitor my exercise with the rings on my watch face. And I monitor the watch battery on my watch face, which has been so important in the past because I needed to charge the watch twice a day so if something happened and I was called away I could get back to a charger before I lost power. This watch is doing more with heart and blood monitors and I can go 2 days without charging and still have power. I have a thin wrist but it looks and feels great, By the way I walk in the dark a lot so I have the flashlight connected to the special button on the left. This light is actually helpful. It is really bright. I also appreciate the fall alert protection as I am older and see that my balance is not all it used to be. I recommend this watch very highly. Also, I am using the phone with my watch most of the time. I am hard of hearing but I can still understand a phone call with this watch even with my motorcycle helmet on. The call is clear on both ends. I do pull over before I answer the call.Overall. I’ve owned and used multiple Apple Watches from the very first one, right up to the newest model, and this one is brilliant!  
If you’ve ever thought about an Apple Watch, (and hopefully are a man or tall/sporty woman), drop everything and get yourself into a store and pick this up!  It’s truly a game changer!  Now, I’m keeping my previous model for dressing up and/or meetings, but everyday wear, this kicks it!  
You’ve got a couple of weeks to evaluate and decide for yourself, but if you’re anything like me (a motorcyclist, private pilot, skier, scuba diver…), and need a top flight wrist product, this one is it.  Is it perfect, no… but it’s a major step in the right direction!  
I’m very satisfied with it and will enjoy using it everyday.  As a side comment, I own quite a few high end timepieces, and while not nearly as decretive, on my wrist… it’s far more functional overall!Yes it’s expensive, but I love this watch. Never had an Apple Watch because I heard terrible things about battery life. I am a believer in this one, after a short time using it. Lasts three to four days with average usage. It is a tool watch, meaning it can be used for many purposes in a variety of circumstances. You need an iPhone to set it up, but then you can leave the phone at home and have this make and receive calls, texts and emails (if you have a separate data plan with your carrier). Custom notifications galore.  It will track many health related metrics. I don’t use many of the apps, so I can’t give any feedback there. I’m a real estate professional, and this watch serves me well for what I need it to do. If you have a need for a watch that can help you in so many daily situations, just buy it.I like big watches. I love it. Definitely fits my mountainbiking. Series 7 is going on ebay soon.8 generations in, this updated hardware is a larger refresh in the Apple Watch world, but by no means brings anything too different or new for seasoned Apple Watch users. Rather, this is a more polished version of what you know and already love - just with a larger battery, bigger screen, beefier case, and more finer touches that just make it an all around decent watch. 
As a daily runner who’s currently preparing for my next marathon, is it going to replace my Garmin Epix2 w/ running dynamics pod and Polar H10? No - until Apple steps up their running dynamics and training recovery features (to their credit, the former of which is slowly starting to happen), I can’t recommend this for athletes who are actively training. I also really wish they’d introduced a darker finish as well - the natural titanium with bright orange action button certainly makes the unit stand out a lot more.
Also, while the battery life is certainly better than any other AW I’ve ever used and can last me 1.5-1.75 days per charge, it still goes nowhere close to the 15 days I get on my Epix2 (w/ all satellites mode). At the same time, it also does a lot more (and has an actually useable flashlight - c’mon Garmin), so it’s a matter of what you value most, at the end of the day. Red light mode for night use is just the typical Apple polishing touches that we have all come to know and love.
Compared to the 799$ I spent back in the day on the SBSS AWS4, this is a very good value for the $ if you’re in the market for an Apple Watch, but again, it’s hard to recommend this at the moment for endurance athletes. I’m sure Apple will get there with the software; perhaps just 1-2 more generations and they’ll nail it.This feature rich and durable watch is levels above the competition.  Apple listened to their customers and developed a state of the art rugged watch. I have taken this swimming, hiking and mountain biking. ItS accuracy is amazing. I opted to activate the cellular service and still can’t believe how crystal clear the sound is when communicating through it’s built in phone function. I live not having to tether to my iPhone. I just leave my iPhone at home while on the trail. The battery life is 100% better than my Gen 5 Apple Watch. If you can find this pick it up. Come Christmas shopping time this will become scarce!I was hesitant to purchase this because everyone was saying how big it was so I went to Best Buy to check it out myself and I love it! Yea it’s big and someone referred to it as a “guys” watch but to me it’s perfect.  It’s pricey and if you aren’t going to utilize it as it’s designed you will feel like you wasted money but I wear mine everyday and love everything it offers for my usage.  Im a female, 5’2 and it fits perfectly.  I love the new design and all around a great watch.I love the new APPLE watch ultra. This was a huge upgrade from the Series 7 I currently had. The battery life is amazing. I workout at least twice a day and I don’t charge it for 2 days before it is close to dying. I love the action which I set it as a workout, which means I can quickly start a workout by hitting the action button compared to before when you had to look for the workout/fitness section and choose. But the main reason I chose the watch is because of the size of the display which is 49mm.
Exudes quality. Best Apple Watch yet. Coming from the Series 6 so the screen size is an upgrade for me. It’s not too big as many have worried. Makes the non-Ultra seem somewhat anemic in comparison. I ordered with the Ocean band in blue (Midnight) and find it very comfortable and easy to put on and take off. Comfortable wearing while sleeping. Is not too heavy, has just the right amount of heft which is to say it’s very comfortable and non obtrusive.  Also really like the traditional silver color of the watch body reminds me of the analog watches I used to wear before the Apple Watch came along.I’ve had every Apple Watch since they were first introduced years back. This one is the first one that feels like a real upgrade. I’m not a hard core athlete, just someone that’s consistently active. The metrics that I’m able to track now are the best things I didn’t know I needed; but, really appreciate. On top of that, it looks great, and now I’m able to track my sleep since the battery life is much more than the past 24 hr-ish former models. If you’re thinking about it, I say pull the trigger. This is the most exciting Apple product of 2022, by far.This is apple’s first extreme sports oriented smart watch. Personally, I am totally satisfied with the normal Apple Watch series. However, this was a birthday gift for my friend who loves the long battery and the aesthetics that Apple Watch ultra provides. At 799, it’s the same price as an Apple Watch stainless steel series 8. The judgment is for you to make—do you prefer the clean and sleek looking of the premium series 8 model or the bulky titanium made battery champ Apple Watch ultra?The watch is really light for its size and features. The battery life is really good. Goes for 48 hours without charging ( i carry my iphone with me) i got it with the ocean band. Its really sturdy and the watch doesnt come off easily. I am also able to add the 44mm nike sports loop which i got for my SE with this watch. Worth the buy! Especially if you go out a lot or you are someone who likes big bulky watches!!Wow! This thing does shine in my arm. Besides the beautifully designed case, the screen is as large as can be and has amazing brightness. The Ultra also surprised me as for the battery life. I don't use always on display and I'm getting 3 full days of normal usage (when not tracking exercises), which an incredible upgrade over what I used to get on my Series 5 44mm. Very happy with the upgrade!This is a pleasant surprise from Apple.  It's the first true redesign of the Apple Watch!  It's not as big as everyone says.  The larger screen is a great upgrade.  Also, it is a bit thicker than the standard watch, but it's still very wearable.
I previously had a 44mm Apple Watch, but I didn't wear it often and preferred my mechanical watches.  This is the first Apple watch I would be willing to wear daily.  I also love the strap (extremely soft and stretches).  Overall, I am extremely impressed with this redesigned watch!I love it.  I wasnt sure if the weight and size would annoy me, but after about a month I actually prefer it.  The battery life is the best part. I recently went on a business trip for 4 days and forgot the charger.  By the time I got home on Friday my watch was at 19%. Between battery life, the completely indestructible screen and the action button, this is my favorite Apple Watch.This ultra model is what I’ve been hoping for. I have been in the construction trades over 30 years and the ruggedness of this model is proving to be a great benefit. I have been a satisfied Apple Watch (model 3) owner. I am very pleased with the bigger display and longer battery life compared to the model 3, but “better in every way” does come at a price.Best Apple Watch to date! Have had an Apple Watch since the original Apple Watch with sapphire glass and think this one is better! 49mm size is perfect to me and battery is great and speaker is even better. Got the ocean band and is very comfortable. Have recommended to all my friends that have smart watch! This is how the Apple Watch should have been made in the first place!!!Awesome product. Can’t wait for the updates to unleash its full potential. No loss stars but if you have a larger wrist, just note that the band is one size fits all. I learned the hard way… (Apple isn’t even aware) you can buy a band extension for the ocean band through the apple website. They claim it’s for putting the watch in over a wet suit but I needed it with just normal wear.This is Apple’s best watch yet!!  I have had every Apple Watch but this one is another level. I have been waiting for a larger watch and this fits the bill. The screen is crystal clear and bright due to the 2000 nits snd has the clarity of an iPhone. Its super light due to it being Titanium. I plan to keep my Hermès Series 7 when I need something for more sleek snd not as bulky.  Ultra will be my daily for sure.Great watch, best apple watch by far. The design and build are awesome as well as the battery life. Not sure what the criticism on this watch was for. The watch is big and bulky in comparison to older apple watches but mechanical watches that are worn everyday are sometimes bigger.I absolutely love this Watch version. Finally, they increased the size to 49mm which fits most male wrists better and it certainly looks a lot better. Superior technology and the battery life is noticeably much much better. The pricing is a bit high but not much I can do about that with Apple.Apple Watch Ultra resign and it's awesome.  Big fan of the bigger face, new quick action button, and the protection on the existing dial/button.  I workout daily, play basketball couple times a week, run, bike, you name it, it's great.  As usual, a great Apple product.Replaced series 6 with this 8 ultra. Screen brightness plus screen size along with battery, ruggedness, lightweight and customized action button makes this well worth the price for me. The body temperature sensor takes a few days to get accurate body temperatures because they fluctuate throughout a day. Highly recommend Apple’s best watch to date.This is there finest watch yet! Loving the change in design, subtle however feels fresh.  The size and clarity of the screen accompanied by 2000 nits of brightness is outstanding! In full sun, you can read your watch, nice change. I would absolutely recommend this for aging eyes.Love the Apple ultra. The size is what sold me. This here was the best thing Apple could have done with the Apple Watch. Love it and if you have a hard time seeing things in small print I would recommend Apple Ultra. Oh and I sold my 7 for 350 to off set the price of the Ultra.Great watch but one thing that lets it down, imo, is the strap. I didn't like any of them but had to choose one so I chose the ocean strap. One size fits all? I wonder what person designed this? Certainly not somebody with a large wrist. I had to use the last hole, and it still left marks on my wrist (which is 8 1/4 inches). I had to then buy a $50 Apple strap that normally comes on the other watches, extra large and that fits. Maybe the straps bigger, Apple, and you might get a 5 star in future.The of the best
I have my new Apple Watch 
Is more bigger and the looks is amazing 
I love it is like always simple to used 
Very light nice looking and the battery last more longer so far so good  I like it if you are Apple Watch fan you going to love this oneI have had several apple watches but this is by far my favorite because it is the “REAL” design change, love the bigger screen, the battery actually lasts for 3 days and the additional button for a quick is is very helpful. A must have
I was worried I might have trouble getting used to the larger size but it has not been a problem.  In fact I love the screen size, so easy to read text messages without my reading glasses.  I also think the band is well suited and comfortable!As an activity watch, I have to give it a 5. But on design and the watch strap, I just feel like it could have been made a little bit better. The yellow diving watch strap is good, but comes up as slightly small for me, which makes it uncomfortable to put on each time. I’ve been using some of the Velcro straps because of the easier fig and nearly infinite adjustability. I wish I had gotten the field strap version given my experience with it.I love my ultra watch at first I was hesitant to buy this watch but I am happy I pulled the plug & brought the ultra, I love the size of it & everything else is such refreshing just wish they added better watch faces & moreUpgraded from the series 7 and this upgrade was well worth it.   I love large watches, and this looks great.   The ocean white band is great.  The battery is very good.  The sound is also very good on this watch.This is my second Apple Watch and the Ultra met all my expectations.  I love the larger screen with an improved visual interface for app or notifications.  I also love the health monitoring such as heart rate, blood oxygen level, and more.I have had every series from the from 1 to 7 and this Ultra is the best hands down. Charge it every 3 days, it fits the wrist better and the larger screen is great. I have already referred a couple friends to the watch.It has not been one day without my apple watch ultra. I refused to take it off besides charging it. The apple watch 4 feels small to me now compared to the Apple watch ultra. The battery life is good for two days and without power mode will be 3 plus days.The Apple Watch Ultra is hands down the best Apple Watch I have ever owned. The extended battery life is awesome! I also enjoy the Activity Button and it’s many uses. Don’t hesitate, grab one today!Great watch on the bigger side but you get used to it. Battery last about 2.5 days maybe 3 depending on how often you use it. Diving option starts automatically and keeps track of depth, temp etcGreat watch. Really enjoy the upgrade. Not a big fan of the band I chose though. Would be the better option for a lot of in water use but not my pick for day to day. Other options in my opinion are more airy.I am enjoying my New Apple series 8 Ultra watch with so many amazing features, 49mm large face made out of titanium, 36 hour battery, 60 on low power mode, I could write a book on all the excellent features, Thank You Apple!!!The Apple Watch Ultra brings a new level to the Apple Watch Series. Either the rugged design, to the new features like emergency sos, tracking your path in extreme conditions, ecg heat rhythm monitoring, longer battery life, and so much more. I would highly recommend it.When i watch the youtube, i love it right away. I don't need to buy any protect for the watch because it durable and comfortable (not to big when you think it 49mm)I went from an Apple Watch 4 44mm to this. I like the large screen, and how scratch-resistant it is. The battery life is what made me pick this over an Apple Watch 8 45mm. I do not upgrade that often so I wanted a watch I can live with for many years to comeThis is the Apple Watch weve been waiting for!!! For people who want tge best of voth worlds you got a nice watch with a large face. Additionally if you want a different band there are plenty if options to go around. YOU CAN’T GO WRONG WITH APPLE WATCH!!!When in to order the new Apple ultra watch . The young lady who helped was very knowledgeable and pleasant to deal with , she new exactly what I wanted and took in my trade in with no problems.Decided to upgrade my 4 series stainless steel apple watch. Screen looks so good. I love the flat design. Its thicker but you get used to it really quick. Build quality is top notch. And the ocean band is so comfortable for all day wearJust an all around better watch, the battery life, the durability it’s just the best hands down watch Apple has made, if you can just get over the price it is everything and plus someExcellent quality and it feels like a premium watch.  Battery life is excellent compared to the series 7 I had.  Three days use with heavy usage on a few days to figure out settings.It’s amazing love the look of it it feels so responsive to touch … battery last so much longer .. overall I would recommend the ultra over the regular apple watch
Love this watch, it’s perfect! Apple hit a home run on this one. Love the longer battery life (48hrs based on my usage) and sapphire glass. I love the backtracking for hiking, never get lost.I mean it’s Apple. It’s the best watch for battery life and everything else times 3 I mean it’s a perfect watch no complaints. Only reason I took this back was because it’s too extreme for me.Incredible Watch!!! I love it!!!! I have already used it Scuba Diving and it was very helpful. Great build and feels very light with the Titanium frame. Highly recommend!!!It’s a good upgrade watch.   This particular watch is back ordered in all stores.  Best Buy delivered it quickly.  I’m happy with it.love this watch! i've been saying if they come out with a bigger one with longer battery i would get it.. its a little spendy, but i really like itBest Apple Watch I’ve owned to date. Of course it’s new and has new features but overall it’s really great quality and well built physically and feature wise.I had an apple watch series 4 and got the apple watch ultra and major difference. This thing is amazing. Big and bright screen and vibrant.Reall love the watch . It feels much sturdier than previous Apple Watches. Love not bending my phone to call and fitness apps and trackersGreat service, actually received it sooner than if I had purchased from apple. Best buy is the best.  Beat apple watch to date.  This thing is Awesome!!So pleased with form and functionality!  Size is perfect for my wrist. I'm pleasantly pleased with the Ocean Band.  Much better than the old silicon only bands.This would have been 5 stars, but Apple really needs to work on the sensors so that the watch reads through tattoos for is to stay unlocked while it is worn.  I have to tighten the band really tight for it the watch to stay unlocked.  But even then, it sometimes goes back to being locked.  Other than that I really love the watch functions and the size.When you compare the Ultra with the Series 8 in Titanium the difference is only $50. The durability and extra features were my most important consideration.Absolutely amazing! The wait is over!! Finally an Apple Watch that feels like a proper watch on my wrist. Looks amazing, easy to use and extremely well crafted.This is DEFINITELY the best smartwatch out to date! It does so much and is built like a tank so you can dive and be very active with it. I love it!I have been wearing apple watch since version 1 and this is the best ever! I like the flat screen and the brightness of it. Perfection!“LOVE THIS WATCH” that’s the review!!!! LoL. What more can I say, it’s a Apple Watch on Steroids! And I really really like it.Best Apple Watch to date.  Stays charged for 48 hours and has a great feel and display. Already banged it against a few things and no crack or scratches!I absolutely love this watch design… it’s the best one yet. I am a lover of large face watches and this makes it A+ for me… plus, the durability and functionality makes it a people’s choice.This watch is the best watch to have. The battery life is unbelievable and it does so much more than before. It looks good on someone with a big wrist.I love my Ultra. upgraded from 4 gen to Ultra, the band is comfortable and it looks very cool on a girl
It is one of the best watches I’ve had. The bigger screen and all the new functions makes it one of my best investments.The battery life alone is worth it. I no longer have to think about whether my watch is charged before I can workout.I was worried that it was too big. Once I have it, I am not noticing it. I use used 2 days before needing to chargeDefinitely love the Ultra. My 4th and Best Apple Watch. Doesn't feel too big on my small wrists.This watch checks all the boxes. It nice looking, it’s larger, it’s more durable and it has all the options you need plus more.Love the all the options this watch has to offer.
They really stepped up to compete with the Garmin watch series.Great product! Super scratch resistant so you won’t need a case. Operate fast and just like it is supposed to. The face is bright and large.I love this watch! Love how much bigger this is than the rest. Battery last way longer than what I need it for.I love this watch. I have upgraded to just about every watch that Apple has. This one is probably the better one for me. It’s not too big.Only thing i don’t like is the orange action button but not that noticeable while wearing it.Went from watch series 5 to this, and didn’t regret a penny. Aesthetically awesome watch with additional features.Great product and it was delivered in just a few days when every other supplier was talking weeks or months.  Great jobI am realy like this apple watch. It has the best design in comparison with other modelsBest Apple watch ever!!!! Well worth the upgrade from any previous version Apple watch.This is my favorite smart watch yet! I'm very please with the display size and comfort.Great watch, it tells time! Easy to use and navigate, just like my I watch 5 but biggerIt was a gift for a friend who was waiting eagerly,  and now he is surprised and excited.  Loved his expression.Love this watch. It’s huge but looks great and is fast and lasts for days without being on a charger. I would recommend to anyone!Awesome everyday watch! I use it everyday, battery life is excellent and is readable even in sunlight.Love this watch.  It does everything i want and the siren is killer.  Cant wait for my accessories.  The fact i can switch bands with a 45mm is amazing too.
Its big but very nice looking watch. Planning to keep this watch for at least 5 yrsThe screen is large and clear. The battery lasts much longer than my previous Apple watch. Couldn’t be happier…Upgraded to the Ultra. Love it! Charge lasts so much longer. I can go multiple days on a charge.Upgraded from the SE model. This watch includes cellular and was easy to use. Battery life far improved, lots of cool features.I love this watch fits perfect not to heavy feels good and looks so much better compared to the 7-8 modelsFell in love with watch unfortanetlly the band didnt fit but luckily i had my past bands that fit the watchI love this watch, I'm a diver and have put it to the test twice , the big buttons are a must with glovesGreat watch.   A great upgrade    Outstanding  service from Best Buy.   They delivered it earlier than they promised.Best Apple Watch yet! Audio quality on calls is amazing and clear. The screen is bright and clear in all situations.Awesome! I had the 4 and it lasted me all these years! The Ultra is exactly what I’ve been waiting for!Amazing battery life, even after using gps to record workout for several hours. Looks beautiful too.I bought this one for my wife. She loved it because of the new battery life and all the new designGreat battery life, lightweight, durable, and large display is amazing! Reviewed it for my YouTube channel and I love it!Finally rugged Apple Watch. Great battery life all the features and will not break if it’s dropped.Love it! It was easy set up. Very comfortable and has long battery life for my use.Best Apple Watch and I like it a lot. Better life is great and all the new feature are awesome.I can’t brag enough of this watch. It’s expensive but worth every penny. The battery is unbelievable.As always the fit and finish of this Apple iWatch is superior. It pairs extremely well with my iPhone 14 pro.Great fit not as big on the risk as I thought fits just right and is durable. Worth every pennyExcellent battery life. Durable watch band the 49mm is exactly what the series 8 needed
Love the fitness tracker and heart and Blood oxygen monitoringI like the extra safety measures that were added along with it being larger.Unbelievable battery life and functions.  Can’t wait to dive with in Aruba and Bonaire next spring..Screen looks amazing, new changes on design that makes it really different from previousVery pleased with the purchase. The functionality of this item is awesome.Easy to read, bright, large face with more features than you ever use. Plenty of face options allowing customization of what widgets you want to see. Only downside is the band - small and difficult to put on.Watch display is great, battery life is much better than previous apple watches which is a plusI got the watch the last for three days without charging and the screen is really nicePurchase was great ! Love my watch and everything about itLove this watch. I’ve been waiting a long time for Apple to give you options! Buy it!Love the big face watch look, finally something that fits my husbands armLove the watch and Best Buy did a great job getting it delivered to me!I upgraded from a series 7 45mm to this ultra and I’m liking it!!!! Great purchase.fantastic product.  over all well built and responsiveApple makes the best products! The cost is high but the materials are high end. It’s NICE!!Love my watch Thank you Best Buy Great quality great looking I am very pleased.Excellent purchase. Battery does last longer but definitely LESS than 3 days.Surprisingly light for its size. Love the always on and the long battery life!Excellent watch with all the latest technology.
Great for RunnersSapphire mirror is very silky and firm. The appearance of the atmosphere
Well.the battery life is great and also looks coolNice big watch great a great build quality , bright screen a great features.Love this watch! Best watch so far! Love the size and functions.This watch is amazing!!!! Perfect size and love all the featuresBig leap and big price tag. Finally an apple watch that will last a full
Marathon.awesome watch, i definitely recommend this item, very reliableThe best Apple Watch Apple ever made. This watch does it all!Love the new Apple Watch Ultra!!! Upgraded from the Series 4.Awesome product so glad I went for the ultra easy to see with aging eyesI am very pleased with my watch and the fas great service from Best Buy.I’ve tried various smartwatches from Samsung to designer like movado and I like this the best.Best Apple Watch so far… the flat display is amazing. You won’t be disappointed.So pretty on my wrist. The new model is so distinctive from the previous oneLonger lasting battery. Love the watch design, and functionality.excellent product came in a timely fashion and is greatI gifted this to myself, because I was jealous of my wife’s giftLove it and the band. Great upgrade from Watch 6. Can't wait to get the other bandsGreat Purchase with no issues.  Will recommend this to anybody..Nice watch and easy to use.  Very masculine and cool to look at. I love it.The watch is great but I am not a fan of the ocean band. The width is to fat! It sucks that you have to pay an extra $100 for the band even if you don’t want the band and just want the watch.
Great watch, dufferent from previous ones, easy of use, best purchase everI love the size of the watch screen and the new Action Button!I love the size. Wow, that is all I can say huge upgrade over the 6 series TitaniumRuggedness overloaded. Crystal clear view during the daytime.Great product as i expected from apple.  No issues at allso far the watch has been great but lots of little issues.
Directions are printed so light difficult to read. Tips for use could be easier to find. the wristband is too small designed for thin person.Awesome watch. Love the weight and more sporty look and feelFirst was stolen while shipping this is second one but came like 3 weeksLove this watch and the 3 Day Battery Life! Definitely recommend!Wonderful watch, enjoy using it and learning about all the features.Love this watch, looks sleek and buttons are very smooth.Amazing watch. Rugged and durable. Battery life is great.Excellent watch with multiple day battery life. I highly recommend.Awesome watch, love the large size, absolutely fantasticThis is the best Apple Watch that Apple has ever made hands down.Nice and big screen. It can display a lot of information.Excellent device and no worries… great delivery serviceWorth the upgrade. Love the big screen plus battery lasts 3 daysLOVE MY MEW WATCH!!
By far it’s the best Apple WatchIn the overall is excellent but it is very big fir me.
Great product! Works well.Received promptly.I was able to trade in my old watch.Really great!! Long battery life! Love it! RecommendGreat product easy to use.  Large display so greatI love the brightness of the screen and length of the battery life on this watch. My only gripe is the band is slightly uncomfortable. I will be changing that out.Works very well with the new iPhone pro max has a nice sturdiness to it.It’s my second Apple Watch and I’m loving this oneOne of the few must have apple products this year.Extra high quality and a long lasting battery lifeReplaced a garmin. Better for all day multipurpose useGreat battery life. Size is not as bulky as I expected.Best apple watch ever. Love the bigger faces.. also you get the nike watch faces toonothing but great things to say about this product!Been waiting for this size watch and didn’t disappoint.Awesome! This watch is truly amazing. My everyday use.The best you can buy, it is a great machine. I like it a lot.Great watch, good size, durable, awesomeness! Buy itI’m very very happy happy with my new iPhone pro maxLuv this watch upgraded from a 3 what a differenceBeautiful, perfect, and great addition to my watch collection.Fantastic Apple Watch.  The quality is mind-blowing.
If you love the Apple Watch… this is the best Apple Watch on the market with the best battery life along with the biggest and brightest screen.Comfortable for the size
Best battery life of any Apple Watch
Comprehensive safety features
Action button!
Big screen is good for readability
Improved durability
All models come with cellularBattery life is improved; button sticking out the side is a little weird.  Band choices aren’t the greatest.Great watch with titanium body
Perfect dor adventurersBulky but rugged.  Replaced my Apple Watch 4 with this one.  It is an excellent replacement with great new features.Good , except not available the black bands, thank you very much for your for you assistance.Seem thick. It's a nice gadget for those that want to be connected 24/7.I love the watch.  I dont like the band, too bulky.  I can use my 44mm watch band so im good.This is a Pretty Nice Watch 
The frame size is Good and looks cool on My wrest.Call quality is not great.  Also fall protection is not great.  Love the brightness of the screen.Wish they have a smaller size; everything else is great!Really good update Apple Watch that go thought a lot.Wish the ocean band was bigger but love the watch.Only withdrawing stars because the band is so awful. The watch doesn’t seem as responsive either.  What I like most about it is the watch itself but it isn’t what I’d expect from Apple.Battery life sucks 
My apple 5 watch battery lasted about a day and a half with no charger before it dies 
My ultra I start using it at 6am by 8-9 pm battery at 10%
Battery watches doing the same amount of work for meI bought the watch and it did not state the watch cellular not compatible out side the USExcellent Apple Watch device and worth the upgrade for battery life alone.  Reason for 4 stars is that I would NEVER use Best Buy for trading in a device again, as my trade in is apparently lost in their warehouse!This is just an okay watch.  Built nicely, but it’s a tank and very uncomfortable.  I am a big guy and this watch is so so compared to the cheaper models.  I could buy 3 Apple Watch 7s and be good with that.  
Trust me, these are out there more so now and the returns will be huge.I still do not have my watch.
If you ordered it, you are out of chances of receiving it. The promise of receiving it a week ago was not fulfilled.  They should not promise something they cannot bring to a reality.
May be the watch is awesome, for me it is yet remain to be seen.
I’m most definitely NOT who this watch was designed for.  I’m not going to dive the depths of the ocean.  I won’t be climbing any mountains or skiing down them in the winter.  I won’t be running a marathon or hiking some trail.  Nope, Apple didn’t design this watch with me in mind.  And yet, here I am gushing over this watch and think it is perhaps the coolest watch I’ve ever owned.  And I’ve owned Apple Watch since Apple Watch 3, then 4, then 6, then 7 and now Ultra.
So why do I love this Apple Watch Ultra?  Let me count the ways.  It’s incredibly made as one would expect of any product from Apple.  It’s the first redesign of Apple Watch since it was introduced in 2015.  The body, which is made in pure Titanium us simply beautiful, with a matt finish, except in the raised bezel around the watch face, which is highly polished.  It’s beautiful, to say the least.  The watch face is Sapphire, which is next to diamond in hardness.  And after only owning Apple Watch in Stainless Steel, which also included a Sapphire Crystal, I can tell they don’t scratch.  Period.  They don’t.  
The watch face is 2” of pure brightly lit bliss.  For the first time, I can actually read my email and text messages, without having to squint my eyes to read (even with prescription glasses on).  It’s bright.  I mean REALLY bright and can go up to 2000 nits in bright sunlight and is for the first time completely readable outdoors.  
The design of the watch is beefier and includes a larger digital crown.  The crown and power button are encapsulated in Titanium to protect both and the crown is simply easier to operate.  The battery, OMG, the BATTERY is simply amazing.  With my Series 7, I could just barely get through a day’s use.  But this puppy has a battery which is 76% bigger than any battery Apple has plucked in an Apple Watch, and I can go not just all day, but all next day and even into a 3rd day, without need to recharge.  I used to obsess over how much charge was remaining in my Series 7.  No longer.  Worrying about whether you have enough charge is a thing of the past.
There is an elongated orange button on the left side of the watch, called the Activity Button.  You can choose from multiple options, such as start a workout all the way to a Flashlight.  Since I’m not the outdoorsy, workout kind of guy, mine is programmed to Flashlight, which is actually pretty handy.  Using the Shortcut App, on your iPhone, there are some ways to program the Activity Button to do other things, like call a specific person.  As a new function button on Apple Watch, we can expect more functions and programmability in the future.
Included in the watch is everything Apple has to offer in terms of Fitness and Health.  On the health side, ECG, Heart Rate Monitoring (including sensing A-Fib) and Blood Oxygen levels.  For sleep tracking, Apple has added a temperature sensor to the watch, but it was more designed for ladies tracking ovulation and doesn’t actually display your wrist temperature.  Instead, it tracks your sleep (if you want it to and you wear it at night, while you sleep) and after a few days will show your baseline body temperature over the course of multiple nights.  
Also new for Apple Watch is a unique, dual band GPS, which if you are an adventurer will better pinpoint your location and Car Crash Sensors, if you’re in an accident.  I have read reports where the Car Crash Sensor can be triggered on roller coasters, so if you’re a theme part goer, you should turn off Crash Detection before the loopty-doo coaster alerts the authorities you’ve been in accident.
Apple redesigned the microphones and speakers on the Ultra.  They’ve added a triple microphone array and dual speakers.  Phone calls are now so clear, nobody is remotely aware I’m speaking from my watch.  In addition, Apple Watch Ultra features a new dual precision GPS system, which provides amazing accuracy in the most remote locations.
Apple created three unique bands for Apple Watch Ultra.  I ordered mine to arrive with the Orange Alpine band.  I like it, it’s comfortable, but I don’t love it.  It only weighs like 12 grams, so you can barely feel something on your wrist.  But it uses a titanium loop to lock the watch band in place and in order to put on or take off the watch with the Alpine Loop, you have to extend the band very wide and the Titanium Loop can actually smack the side of your beautiful Titanium Watch, which I don’t like.  So, I picked up the Ocean Band in Yellow, which is super comfy, doesn’t have any way to clank the side of your watch and is super cool looking.  If you’ve been wearing Apple Watch and you own one in 42, 44 or 45mm, any band you already own will work just fine on this new 49mm Ultra.  I have ordered a few higher end aftermarket bands, including one very pricy pure Titanium band to dress the watch up when I don’t want to look like an adventurer.
I could likely keep going, but I hope you get the sense I’m beyond happy with the new Apple Watch Ultra.  My wrist isn’t all that large at 7.25” and it looks great on me.  And even though it’s larger than a 45mm Apple Watch, it only weighs .3 ounces more. Titanium is a more durable metal than Stainless Steel, but weighs less than Stainless Steel.
Don’t let the marketing hype dissuade you.  Sure, this watch will do fantastic things for people into extreme sports.  But it’s just as fantastic for non-athletic people, like me.  Apple not only hit a home run with Apple Watch Ultra.  They hit it out of the ballpark all the way into Space.  Is it worth $799.  Yes, Yes and Yes.  If it cost more, it would still be worth the price of admission.I am not an adventurer nor a diver, but i am someone who loves all things technology and this has exceeded my expectations and more. The beautiful flat top display is stunning, the flat top display is the perfect size and is truly what the apple watch should be. As someone who is not using the watch for who its marketed towards. The durabilty is game changing as ive had this watch for two weeks now and it has been an amazing experience. My old Apple Watch would scratch so easily and there is absolutely no scratches or any signs of tear. I highly recommend this watch for anyone that can constantly scratch their watch, wants a bigger size and more dirability!After using Garmin devices for years I made the switch to an Apple Watch.  I tried a smaller one but that didn’t work for me. When I found this model I was happy to give it a try. I am glad I did. This feel like a real watch. The screen size is great and the battery life is good too (compared to other Apple Watches). While I do like Garmin devices, the way this watch interfaces with my phone has made the switch totally worth it. Yes it’s pricey, but I think it’s worth it compared to the other models.Upgraded my Apple Watch 6 to this ultra with the bigger screen and stronger base metal and couldn’t be happier. So far so many times at work (firefighting) I’ve thought I’ve damaged it accidentally by scraping or banging it and it shows zero signs of wear and tear. Also the battery is phenomenal and such a game changer! No more charging multiple times a day after each work out. Even Apple Music sounds better on it somehow. Very pleased! Also the band is so worth it, I didn’t think I would like it but I do.The watch itself is amazing. Great features for the outdoors person. Good for tracking waypoints while hunting, fishing, etc. Band does not feel as premium as i thought. Feels very flimsy. I ended up taking off the orange band to put my YAG 50meters watchband on. Easily the best and toughest band ive ever used. Worn it for a few years with a lot of abuse and is $50 cheaper that getting another apple brand band. Pretty sure now its on sale for about $30 at best buy!This is my 3rd Apple Watch. I started out with the Series 2 42mm stainless steel, moved on to the Series 5 44mm titanium, and now the 49mm Ultra. Luckily, I always stuck with the larger watch faces because over the years, I have collected dozens of Apple watch bands and I am so relieved that all of the bands I wore previously with my Series 2 and Series 5 watches ALSO fit on the Ultra. Overall, I like the upgraded features and aesthetics of the Ultra as well.The Apple Watch Ultra has a significant price point, but the larger screen coupled with titanium case ans built-in cellular is worth the investment.   The watch is durable, rugged and designed for the serious adventurer.  But I bought the watch to be worn everyday and I love it.  The extra weight of the watch is not uncomfortable and even while sleeping with it on, it doesn’t bother me.  It’s a great investment and I strongly recommend it.Absolutely loving this watch! I've been waiting for Apple to come out with a watch with extended battery life and extra GPS functions for over 3 years now. Finally they did it, they made a watch that will work for adventures, and people who don't want to charger their watch every night. Thank you Apple and thank you Best Buy for making this purchase an easy one.I am a long-term Apple Watch user, so I know what I wanted before I got this new model: longer battery life, brighter screen, and louder speakers. The Apple Watch Ultra offers all I wish, plus much more, such as durable built and one of the most secured bands. The orange color looks more distinct in person. I will recommend the watch to all my friends who use iPhones. 10/10.Was worried about how this would look on my wrist but after trying it on it actually fits awesome and looks great too. Im one of the guys who dont need a watch like this by any means but the extra battery, big screen, and cool looks were enough for me!Best watch i’ve ever had, the battery life is absolutely insane, it just refuses to die even with the always on display. Can’t imagine what it would be if i turned that off. Extremely durable and love the screen. The digital crown is a little bit worse than the series 5-8Best one yet! The size is perfect, the design is beautiful. Do I plan on diving, climbing, or hiking anything serious? Probably not.  But tis cool nonetheless!I have a lot about this iWatch. Very positive feedback.I did not use this watch. I have bought that iWatch for Christmas gift. I think it’s great giftThe Apple Watch was long overdue for a refresh. I upgraded from my series 4 to the ultra and it’s a welcomed change. Love the design and the features.I like this watch is 49 mm is cool sporty and I prefer this one over my Apple Watch 7 for the size the rest is almost the same watchLove the new look and the features of my Ultra Apple Watch! Battery life and overall durability are main reasons why I bought this watch.Simply put, Apple does it again. When you think, what else can they do to make it better? They hit you with the AWU.Fall in love at the sight in the day Apple show it. I am not the professional workout people… but it is really smart watch I love and didn't too much before buying it.Doesn’t feel like an $800 watch. I got it for fitness. I dont use it for any phone related features. I get to the third day with battery. Mostly calorie tracking and sleep tracking. Did the same on series 7. So only based on my use. This has a great battery in terms of apple watch. But im going garmin for the next watch.loving every minute of it, im glad i got the green strap cause the other colors will get SO dirty, SO quickly.
I’m most definitely NOT who this watch was designed for.  I’m not going to dive the depths of the ocean.  I won’t be climbing any mountains or skiing down them in the winter.  I won’t be running a marathon or hiking some trail.  Nope, Apple didn’t design this watch with me in mind.  And yet, here I am gushing over this watch and think it is perhaps the coolest watch I’ve ever owned.  And I’ve owned Apple Watch since Apple Watch 3, then 4, then 6, then 7 and now Ultra.
So why do I love this Apple Watch Ultra?  Let me count the ways.  It’s incredibly made as one would expect of any product from Apple.  It’s the first redesign of Apple Watch since it was introduced in 2015.  The body, which is made in pure Titanium us simply beautiful, with a matt finish, except in the raised bezel around the watch face, which is highly polished.  It’s beautiful, to say the least.  The watch face is Sapphire, which is next to diamond in hardness.  And after only owning Apple Watch in Stainless Steel, which also included a Sapphire Crystal, I can tell they don’t scratch.  Period.  They don’t.  
The watch face is 2” of pure brightly lit bliss.  For the first time, I can actually read my email and text messages, without having to squint my eyes to read (even with prescription glasses on).  It’s bright.  I mean REALLY bright and can go up to 2000 nits in bright sunlight and is for the first time completely readable outdoors.  
The design of the watch is beefier and includes a larger digital crown.  The crown and power button are encapsulated in Titanium to protect both and the crown is simply easier to operate.  The battery, OMG, the BATTERY is simply amazing.  With my Series 7, I could just barely get through a day’s use.  But this puppy has a battery which is 76% bigger than any battery Apple has plucked in an Apple Watch, and I can go not just all day, but all next day and even into a 3rd day, without need to recharge.  I used to obsess over how much charge was remaining in my Series 7.  No longer.  Worrying about whether you have enough charge is a thing of the past.
There is an elongated orange button on the left side of the watch, called the Activity Button.  You can choose from multiple options, such as start a workout all the way to a Flashlight.  Since I’m not the outdoorsy, workout kind of guy, mine is programmed to Flashlight, which is actually pretty handy.  Using the Shortcut App, on your iPhone, there are some ways to program the Activity Button to do other things, like call a specific person.  As a new function button on Apple Watch, we can expect more functions and programmability in the future.
Included in the watch is everything Apple has to offer in terms of Fitness and Health.  On the health side, ECG, Heart Rate Monitoring (including sensing A-Fib) and Blood Oxygen levels.  For sleep tracking, Apple has added a temperature sensor to the watch, but it was more designed for ladies tracking ovulation and doesn’t actually display your wrist temperature.  Instead, it tracks your sleep (if you want it to and you wear it at night, while you sleep) and after a few days will show your baseline body temperature over the course of multiple nights.  
Also new for Apple Watch is a unique, dual band GPS, which if you are an adventurer will better pinpoint your location and Car Crash Sensors, if you’re in an accident.  I have read reports where the Car Crash Sensor can be triggered on roller coasters, so if you’re a theme part goer, you should turn off Crash Detection before the loopty-doo coaster alerts the authorities you’ve been in accident.
Apple redesigned the microphones and speakers on the Ultra.  They’ve added a triple microphone array and dual speakers.  Phone calls are now so clear, nobody is remotely aware I’m speaking from my watch.  In addition, Apple Watch Ultra features a new dual precision GPS system, which provides amazing accuracy in the most remote locations.
Apple created three unique bands for Apple Watch Ultra.  I ordered mine to arrive with the Orange Alpine band.  I like it, it’s comfortable, but I don’t love it.  It only weighs like 12 grams, so you can barely feel something on your wrist.  But it uses a titanium loop to lock the watch band in place and in order to put on or take off the watch with the Alpine Loop, you have to extend the band very wide and the Titanium Loop can actually smack the side of your beautiful Titanium Watch, which I don’t like.  So, I picked up the Ocean Band in Yellow, which is super comfy, doesn’t have any way to clank the side of your watch and is super cool looking.  If you’ve been wearing Apple Watch and you own one in 42, 44 or 45mm, any band you already own will work just fine on this new 49mm Ultra.  I have ordered a few higher end aftermarket bands, including one very pricy pure Titanium band to dress the watch up when I don’t want to look like an adventurer.
I could likely keep going, but I hope you get the sense I’m beyond happy with the new Apple Watch Ultra.  My wrist isn’t all that large at 7.25” and it looks great on me.  And even though it’s larger than a 45mm Apple Watch, it only weighs .3 ounces more. Titanium is a more durable metal than Stainless Steel, but weighs less than Stainless Steel.
Don’t let the marketing hype dissuade you.  Sure, this watch will do fantastic things for people into extreme sports.  But it’s just as fantastic for non-athletic people, like me.  Apple not only hit a home run with Apple Watch Ultra.  They hit it out of the ballpark all the way into Space.  Is it worth $799.  Yes, Yes and Yes.  If it cost more, it would still be worth the price of admission.I am not an adventurer nor a diver, but i am someone who loves all things technology and this has exceeded my expectations and more. The beautiful flat top display is stunning, the flat top display is the perfect size and is truly what the apple watch should be. As someone who is not using the watch for who its marketed towards. The durabilty is game changing as ive had this watch for two weeks now and it has been an amazing experience. My old Apple Watch would scratch so easily and there is absolutely no scratches or any signs of tear. I highly recommend this watch for anyone that can constantly scratch their watch, wants a bigger size and more dirability!After using Garmin devices for years I made the switch to an Apple Watch.  I tried a smaller one but that didn’t work for me. When I found this model I was happy to give it a try. I am glad I did. This feel like a real watch. The screen size is great and the battery life is good too (compared to other Apple Watches). While I do like Garmin devices, the way this watch interfaces with my phone has made the switch totally worth it. Yes it’s pricey, but I think it’s worth it compared to the other models.Upgraded my Apple Watch 6 to this ultra with the bigger screen and stronger base metal and couldn’t be happier. So far so many times at work (firefighting) I’ve thought I’ve damaged it accidentally by scraping or banging it and it shows zero signs of wear and tear. Also the battery is phenomenal and such a game changer! No more charging multiple times a day after each work out. Even Apple Music sounds better on it somehow. Very pleased! Also the band is so worth it, I didn’t think I would like it but I do.The watch itself is amazing. Great features for the outdoors person. Good for tracking waypoints while hunting, fishing, etc. Band does not feel as premium as i thought. Feels very flimsy. I ended up taking off the orange band to put my YAG 50meters watchband on. Easily the best and toughest band ive ever used. Worn it for a few years with a lot of abuse and is $50 cheaper that getting another apple brand band. Pretty sure now its on sale for about $30 at best buy!This is my 3rd Apple Watch. I started out with the Series 2 42mm stainless steel, moved on to the Series 5 44mm titanium, and now the 49mm Ultra. Luckily, I always stuck with the larger watch faces because over the years, I have collected dozens of Apple watch bands and I am so relieved that all of the bands I wore previously with my Series 2 and Series 5 watches ALSO fit on the Ultra. Overall, I like the upgraded features and aesthetics of the Ultra as well.The Apple Watch Ultra has a significant price point, but the larger screen coupled with titanium case ans built-in cellular is worth the investment.   The watch is durable, rugged and designed for the serious adventurer.  But I bought the watch to be worn everyday and I love it.  The extra weight of the watch is not uncomfortable and even while sleeping with it on, it doesn’t bother me.  It’s a great investment and I strongly recommend it.Absolutely loving this watch! I've been waiting for Apple to come out with a watch with extended battery life and extra GPS functions for over 3 years now. Finally they did it, they made a watch that will work for adventures, and people who don't want to charger their watch every night. Thank you Apple and thank you Best Buy for making this purchase an easy one.I am a long-term Apple Watch user, so I know what I wanted before I got this new model: longer battery life, brighter screen, and louder speakers. The Apple Watch Ultra offers all I wish, plus much more, such as durable built and one of the most secured bands. The orange color looks more distinct in person. I will recommend the watch to all my friends who use iPhones. 10/10.Was worried about how this would look on my wrist but after trying it on it actually fits awesome and looks great too. Im one of the guys who dont need a watch like this by any means but the extra battery, big screen, and cool looks were enough for me!Best watch i’ve ever had, the battery life is absolutely insane, it just refuses to die even with the always on display. Can’t imagine what it would be if i turned that off. Extremely durable and love the screen. The digital crown is a little bit worse than the series 5-8Best one yet! The size is perfect, the design is beautiful. Do I plan on diving, climbing, or hiking anything serious? Probably not.  But tis cool nonetheless!I have a lot about this iWatch. Very positive feedback.I did not use this watch. I have bought that iWatch for Christmas gift. I think it’s great giftThe Apple Watch was long overdue for a refresh. I upgraded from my series 4 to the ultra and it’s a welcomed change. Love the design and the features.I like this watch is 49 mm is cool sporty and I prefer this one over my Apple Watch 7 for the size the rest is almost the same watchLove the new look and the features of my Ultra Apple Watch! Battery life and overall durability are main reasons why I bought this watch.Simply put, Apple does it again. When you think, what else can they do to make it better? They hit you with the AWU.Fall in love at the sight in the day Apple show it. I am not the professional workout people… but it is really smart watch I love and didn't too much before buying it.Doesn’t feel like an $800 watch. I got it for fitness. I dont use it for any phone related features. I get to the third day with battery. Mostly calorie tracking and sleep tracking. Did the same on series 7. So only based on my use. This has a great battery in terms of apple watch. But im going garmin for the next watch.loving every minute of it, im glad i got the green strap cause the other colors will get SO dirty, SO quickly.
This watch is literally the best one they have ever made and i try not to ever takw it offThey met my expectations. The Apple Watch is super and not even Apple was able to meet delivery times as fast as Best Buy did.Very sturdy watch with lots of gadgets and gizmos a plentyBattery life is awesome. It isnt as heavy as it looksBigger Face, Slightly faster, Action button is nice. Loop is horrendous and replaced with Nike sports loop with velcro immediately. Alpine loop was either too tight or too loose. Screen is easier to read in sunlight.Everything is excellent, thank you for doing an excellent jobThe best watch that I ever had 
It’s all I want.
AwesomeIt a good watch the apple watch ultra it need more hypeQuick background - I'm an avid runner (having run 20+ marathons and a couple of ultra marathons). I'm not an elite nor professional runner but someone who enjoys putting in between 25-40+ miles a week of city running. 
For the last two years, I've had the Apple Series 6 watch which I've primarily used as a lifestyle watch tho I did use it to track my activities on the Peloton and Apple Fitness+. When it came to outdoor running however, I always switched back to my trusty Garmin Forerunner 645 M which provided the more accurate GPS tracking and longer battery life I needed. 
However after upgrading to the new Apple Watch Ultra, it's fair to say that my old Garmin is likely to only see action when I'm on the treadmill. 
The new Ultra has taken over not only as my everyday watch but also my performance tracking watch. Here's a quick rundown of the pros and cons to the watch as it relates to my own usage (YMMV):
Pros:
- much better battery life when compared to the Series 6. I can easily get two days of battery life doing my normal activities (a couple of GPS tracked runs and workouts and my regular daily usage of looking at my notifications etc). Oh and the watch went from 100% to 56% when I ran the Chicago Marathon last Sunday. Thats a lot of battery leftover.
- love the new flat screen design that takes elements of the current iPad Pro and iPhone  design aesthetics. From edge to edge, the screen is flat and I love it.
- The action button is much appreciated in terms of quickly getting to the pre-assigned action 
- GPS tracking - LOVE the accuracy. The dual GPS frequency tracking is great. It's also not clear if Apple is  leveraging what it knows about city streets from their Maps app but the tracking is incredibly accurate even around dense tall buildings. I ran the Chicago Marathon last week and wore both the Ultra and my older Garmin. While the Garmin told me I ran nearly 28 miles b/c of the buildings, the Watch Ultra told me I ran 26.58 miles - the closest I've ever come to 26.2 on any GPS tracked marathon ever.
- GPS lock - wow this thing locks on a GPS signal fast. 
- Size. Yes I think the larger size is a pro. If you're coming from the Sports fitness world of Garmin Fenix's - the 49mm size isn't that bad at all. The larger size brings about the larger display (which is a godsend for my aging eyes) and the larger battery - all really great features. My wrist got used to the bulk in a day.
Cons:
- Larger battery - slightly longer battery charging times (granted this is using my current charging hardware and not the included charger)
- My wrist isn't the thickest wrist out there for a guy and thus getting a nice snug fit can be difficult with the Apple Watch. This sometimes affects the heart rate measurements for some reason (Watch Ultra won't pick up my heart rate which is a pain for long runs)
- Because of my wrist size, the watch can sometimes ride down towards the lower end of my wrist which is only a problem when I'm doing Yoga. When I'm doing certain poses such upward facing dog, the back of my hand can sometimes press the right button and make the Watch think I'm requesting SOS :/
Really thats all I can think of right now. This watch is a great improvement over the regular series watch. Don't get hung up over the size if you're coming from the world of large sports watches. If you have a super tiny wrist or are using the smaller 41mm watch tho - this might be large for you. 
For me - this is a great great watch that I'll use for almost all occasions going forward.I loved this watch a lot more than I thought I would. This is marketed as a rugged watch that will hold up against the elements for those who are outdoors adventurers. I do not fit this lifestyle, but it has proved to be great. The bigger screen makes the watch more usable for me. I have big hands and I would constantly hit incorrect keys and prompts. This has fixed that problem. The screen is great and gets really bright outdoors to make it easily visible. I am glad to have the reassurance of its ruggedness. I have already bumped into a few things and I always worry I have scratched the watch up, but after close inspection there are still zero scratches on it. The sapphire screen holds up really well. The long battery is also a plus. I sleep with the watch for tracking my sleep and I like having the haptic feedback from the silent alarm in the mornings. I prefer the haptics to wake me up for an alarm than an annoying alarm sound or one that is too pleasant to sleep through. I also wake up earlier than my spouse and it allows her to stay asleep while I get up in the mornings. I can get about a couple of days before I feel the need to charge it, but it charges quickly. I am able to keep the Watch on longer without the worry of having to take it off. I use the cellular service for it and I have enjoyed the convenience of leaving my phone behind for short trips but able to stay connected. The bigger screen makes texting much more enjoyable. I had the Series 7 and even with the bigger screen, I would always mistype. Keep in mind the cellular service costs a monthly fee through your provider. Rates will vary on your cellular provider and plan. I wanted to give this a try because it was new and different, but I thought I would not like it as much and want to go to the look of the Series 8, but this is my favorite Apple Watch to date. The Alpine Loop has different notches and it takes a little bit of time to get it to feel just right. After you figure it out, then you will know how many loops to hook into when putting on the watch. The one downside is that the hook part will sometimes hit the titanium casing if you need to pull it down all the way to get the watch off. So far I have been careful and only had it hit the titanium casing a couple of times, but I have zero scratches so far. I would not recommend this for anyone with smaller writers though. It may not be as comfortable as it has been for me and may look odd. For everyone else who want those other conveniences I would recommend it.The Ultra is Big!! It is comfortable on my wrist for all day wear, and every health function works perfectly. I like tracking my activity, heart rate, and sleep. There are tons of functions and by the way, using it as a phone works brilliantly except in really noisy situations. The Alpine Green band is very comfortable, easy to cinch with one hand and looks terrific. I haven’t and will probably never use the diving function, but it’s nice that it’s available. The GPS tracking and backtrack work great also. Lastly, I have been averaging around 72 hours on each charge, and I never have let it get below 20 percent. I had the original Apple Watch and this one is a just so much better, I would highly recommend it.This is my third Apple Watch, and definitely my favorite. I love the size and durability of it. 
And, it weighs so light I often forget I'm wearing it!
I really like having the side button - which I've programmed for my flashlight. 
I was worried that it would feel too large on my small wrist, but after a couple days I discovered that I love the size of this watch more than my previous Apple watches.
The large screen means that if you really want to, you can pull up a touch keyboard to type (or swipe) texts and emails. 
I like the Alpine Loop band too! - it fits perfectly snug, and I really like the somewhat muted-green color. 
Overall, it's a bit pricey, but a great watch. I'm not an athlete, though I do take hikes with my dogs, so I like knowing I can use the siren and other navigation features if I need to.Took it on a 15k Tough Mudder. It was drenched in cold water and covered in dirt and completely submerged in mud multiple times. I rinsed it off and it looks brand new. The screen does a great job at removing the water and keeping the text readable. It’s brighter than my Apple Watch Series 6 and much easier to read. It’s more responsive also. In all it is definitely an upgrade. I made a mistake making the watch band a little lose during the race, so I had to unlock it a couple times. Good news is the large screen was responsive to my wet/muddy fingers and it was not difficult to unlock on a run. when the band is tight it does a great job of keeping track of distance and preventing the locking situation from happening. Definitely a great purchase and highly recommendI like my Apple watch it’s really nice and i am glad i got itOne of the biggest gripe with the previous generation Apple Watches is the easily scratched anodized Aluminum finish and the non-sapphire glass. Paying more for the stainless or titanium version for the same functionality made no sense. With the Ultra, this has all changed by bringing new features to the watch at a reasonable price for the Titanium and sapphire glass. It does feel a bit heavier than the 45mm S7, but I don't mind it. I can finally wear an Apple Watch without a case or screen cover to worry about scratches!The new Apple Watch Ultra takes everything great about the previous versions and adds some new tricks. It is indeed a large watch but still feels natural on my wrist. The larger screen is bright, clear and easier for my eyes to see, increasing the likelihood I will use it more. It is certainly heavier and bulkier that previous Apple watches and you will notice a difference but not so much to be excessive. I used the GPS and workout features which worked as expected. After 24 hours of usage including, wearing it overnight, I am still at 60% battery. This watch may not be for everyone but so far I am very pleased.This version of the Apple watch is a must have. Now the price tag is a little high but its worth it. Its durable, water resistant up to 40 meters (which no one should go that low unless if youre a diver) and all around just a nice and sleek design and great for hikers and of course outdoor people. Usually people upgrade apple watches like phones (every year-2 years) but if you get this you wont need to upgrade to another apple watch for 3-5 years at least.I bought the Ultra exclusively because of the new design, since I hated the original Apple Watch design. The flat screen, the ruggedness and the Alpine band look just great and will match many personal styles. Beyond the design, the battery is just phenomenal. For my use case, it lasts 48h with 30%  of charge to spare. My usage includes a ~1h workout every day, and sleep tracking every night. The larger screen, the faster processor (ised to have a Series 5 before) are also noteworthy. Great purchase, I’m super happy.A very good watch, but an excellent addition, for me, to my equipment for when I go hiking and now nice that I do not need to remove for water activities!  Especially nice feature is the "backtrack" feature, which will show you up to 10 miles of where you came from, if you are questioning your directions! Brilliant feature!  
When combined with the Safety features, the much longer battery life and incorporated into the Apple ecosystem, I highly recommend this product!Love my new Apple Watch Ultra! Definitely an upgrade from my series 5 stainless steel model. It seems very durable. And for someone like me, who spends a lot of times outdoors, the durability is important. The screen is amazing and super easy to read. Charge time is exceptionally quick as well. It’s definitely not cheap, but worth the money if you need something durable and that can track your outdoor activities.
It is a bit large, but that was well publicized. Battery life is fantastic and it charges much faster than my Apple Watch 7, even with a bigger battery.  The band is not great (I’ve since gotten a third party band).  The new features are incremental, not revolutionary.
Overall if you have a medium to large wrist, this is a great watch. Wouldn’t work for someone with small wrists.Best Apple Watch ever released! The battery life is unprecedented and I can go nearly 48 hours without charging it.
I use it for sleep tracking, workouts, and eventually for hikes. 
If you’re concerned it looks too big, don’t worry especially if you’re already using the 45mm version, it’s only slightly larger. Worth it for the bigger display and battery.For anyone who is an Apple enthusiast, this is a must have! Yes its fantastic for workouts but also for producitivty as well. Its hard to imagine NOT having an Apple watch paired with my phone these days. Considering the Apple Watch Series 8 Stainless Steel is similarly priced, this is much better of a value in my opinion.I am in love with the new Apple Watch Ultra. It is finally some thing that I am comfortable wearing without a case to protect it. It also looks really really elite especially with the green alpine trail loop. What I also love is that 48 hours of battery life that I have been getting consistently. This watch does so much and I have not even got into half of it yet.I have owned just about every smart watch going (including versions of the Apple Watch) and never been truly happy until now.  I love the look of the Ultra, how well it works and how comfortable it is to wear.  The battery is excellent, but not as good as what is advertised by Apple.  And it isn’t even close to what Garmin achieves.Ordered this watch even though I'm not an extreme athlete. Battery life can last for nearly 3 days without low power mode. GPS tracking is unmatched. Calls come in crystal clear and I can be heard easily even on the windiest of days. Its a little expensive, but compared to a Stainless Steel series 8 45mm, its worth it for the price.I’m loving the new Apple Watch. It looks much more rugged and the battery life is amazing. I get a lot of compliments from friends. I Recommend highly!
I give the “Loop” band a 3 star only. The metal clasp hits the case when removing or putting on your wrist.What a great upgrade to an already good platform. The Ultra is exactly what you would expect from a more robust smart health monitor. The watch is beefy and very rugged. The changes are fantastic and worth the price increase. Very satisfied with this purchase and would do it again.I am enjoying the new watch.  The battery does last a long time compared to my wife's model 6 watch.   The only thing that I did not care for so far was the watch band  The band seems to be an after thought to the watch.  Its hard to believe that Apple wants $99 for these bands as option.  I was able to order a nice silicone and stainless steel watch band.  It is nice that the other model phone bands do work with the Ultra watch.  
As a new apple watch user the watch paired much easier to my phone than my old Samsung S3 did with my Galaxy phone and the Iphone 8 that I replaced the Samsung phone with.  
The screen is bright and easy to navigate through.   The apps on the phone work seamlessly.   I am looking forward to testing the backtrack feature.Wow just wow if you’re on the fence forgetting this watch just do it. You don’t have to be an extreme athlete to get this watch. The great looks and awesome battery life is enough to purchase this watch.. Let me know even get into how clear and bright the screen is compared to the other Apple watchesSo far excellent smart watch…Sold my Garmin which was great too, but did not have certain smart features as the Apple. The main reason for buying was the Battery Life when you compare to the other Apple Watches that you must charge every day.I’ve owned 6 generations of apple watches and I can confidently say this is the best one yet. I’ve always wanted a larger watch and of course longer battery life and the Apple Watch Ultra deliveries. I love everything about this watch. The materials and the features almost make this the perfect watch.Love this watch! The look, easy to use just as all the ones before it, the 49mm face is amazing and very easy to read. I was able to walk in and and went straight to the mobile device section where I was assisted by Brytan. She was very knowledgeable and a pleasure to speak with. She was amazing!Long battery life compared to earlier models. Choice of bands limited while ordering. Looks good. Haven't used the fitness aspect. Setup my action to light. Cellular + GPS built in and cannot change price by not having cellular. It works great with all health apps including Dexcom G6Kudos to Apple. The Apple Watch Ultra is amazing. The battery life has improved so much. I can get away with 3.5 days on one charge. Now, I don't use all the cellular on it, but overall it's an amazing watch. I hear people saying it's too big? Nah it's not, use the watch and let it grow on you.So good.  Ive tried multiple Apple Watches over the years and habe broken them fairly quickly, then reverted back to my old Garmin.  Finally i think Apple has delivered a product that marries its amazing smart tech with a rugged design.  Absolutely nailed it!This watch is excellent!  I love it, it has a perfect size and it is very light as well.  The battery life is fantastic, I charge it every 2 or 3 days and use it all the time.  I love everything about it.The Apple Watch Ultra is easily the best wearable that the brand has ever made, bringing a bright, large screen, a new customizable physical button for making running workouts easier to start or end, and a longer battery life. I honestly can't live without it.Had an apple watch series 6, it would die most days before end of day and kept playing the charge challenge. With the Ultra battery lasts Days 2+, and the screen is really nice.  Size of the screen makes a huge difference too.I like the larger, always-on display and the longer battery life.  I had a series 4 before this so the extra seniors are great too.  I wish it supported emergency calls via satellite.
Fantastic watch that (finally) is next level! Excellent build quality, software is a pleasure to use. Another reviewer here clearly didn’t spend enough time with the watch or is biased against Apple Watches. Bottom line….THE BEST YOU CAN GET TODAY!
Also … it’s not too big so don’t worry about itExcellent battery.  This is my first smart watch (other than fitbit).  I purchase an older Apple watch series years ago and decide to return it after setting it up and realize the battery is already 50% gone, and the screen was too small.  Ultra solves those issues I previous experience.Love the smoothness and fast response coming from the series 7 which was already fast enough. This watch definitely feels more premium and super durable. I just wish we had different color optionsAwesome watch but it is huge.  I decided that for the 1% or less of the time that I will need the features that this watch provides isn’t worth the price difference. I will hang onto my SE for a while longer and upgrade later. I wanted so bad to like this enough to keep it.Excellent watch. Definitely the best Apple Watch out there. I’m an outside technician for telephone company and it gets beat around pretty good. I’ve had it around a month and not a scratch. Love the size also.Apple Watch Ultra (GPS + Cellular) 49mm Titanium Case with Starlight Alpine Loop - Medium - Titanium looks and functions amazingly!  I'm glad I did the upgrade from the Apple Watch 7.Great watch. A few more features than a traditional iwatch. Not a fan of the Alpine band due to when you remove the watch the latch can strike the watch face.Im your everyday consumer. Didnt buy it for any athletic reasons, or health reasons. Just love apple watches & personally i can see myself keeping this for the foreseeable future.The watch itself seems well built. Bulky and slight heavier than what your used to on an average Apple Watch. Needs to be really tightened to stay still. I’ve had it for about 3 days and honestly I think it’s going back. Don’t see how this is more comfortable for people working out. Gave it 4 stars because it’s just not that comfortable on my wrist. But people will say otherwise because it’s an Apple product. I like bigger but I also like comfort and for $800 it’s has to meet both of those needs. Good luck to you with whatever you choose.excellent battery life and surprisingly lighter than the ss models. Would definitely recommend if you're on the fence for an Apple Watch, you don't need to be an explorer to have this watch.Best Apple Watch Ever. I always felt like my other Apple Watches were fragile, but not this one. It looks great and feels even better on my wrist.Returned the 45mm Apple Watch 8 for the Ultra and all I can say is the price difference is VERY obvious. The Series 8 felt and looked very small on my wrist. The Ultra is perfect so farIt's expensive -- but what a watch! It's just what I been hoping and dreaming for. Big, bright screen; Good phone (one that I can hear in loud surroundings) Thanks Apple & Best Buy!Overall, very pleased with the Apple Watch Ultra. I enjoy the longer battery life, I average 3 days now and that is with workouts being tracked each day for 1.5-2.0 hours. The larger screen is nice, though I wish the bezel was a bit smaller to take advantage of the bigger screen. The flat screen looks great. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because of the price, though I realize a fully loaded apple watch will cost around the same price.The ultra is a beast! Amazing upgrade from the standard watch versions. It is a bit pricey, but worth the money for enthusiasts and those who are outdoors a lotExcellent quality Apple Watch. Durability mixed with better battery life and it’s many features makes this watch great for almost anyone.I have had several Apple Watches. This is my favorite by far. The battery easily lasts 2 days. I like the larger watch face.  The new features are great.Absolutely love this watch!  It has way more functions than I will ever probably use, but the battery life is what sold it for me.Seems like a really solid watch, I have a series 2 stainless from long time ago and decided it was time to make an upgrade.The best Apple Watch yet. The battery life is the best reason to upgrade. I've been getting 2 full days at least. Yes it’s a little bigger but not too big.
Upgraded from a S6 and very pleased. The larger screen is readable and clear without eye strain. Watch is larger but feels light on the wrist.I've owned many versions of the Apple Watch, and this one is by far the best, the biggest and the brightest, love it!Let me start with, I am an #Appleguy
this watch is IT, the best yet!
So many great features that go above and beyond the normal user.The best watch I’ve ever owned. Stylish, tracks just about everything i need it to track. Love the band as well.Overall the best apple watch ever. the batterry last a long time. The battery can last almost three day without charging ( depending on how much you workout)Love the new watch. Battery life is awesome. I really like the larger brighter screen. A bit pricey but I', happy with the watch.Tracking BPM & steps has changed my habits. The siren feature provides a layer of safety when walking my dogs too. Life changing watch.Still getting used to the larger size on my wrist, but definitely like the larger display for reading and tapping, happy my old wrist bands still work, and love the longer battery life.  The edge around the display is a bit sharp (used to the rounded edges of the previous versions) and took some time to get used to.tried many apple watches before non worked for me but this one bettery life 3 days for me best purchase everFast shipping - I received the watch much quicker than if I had ordered it from Apple directly. 
Definitely a nice upgrade!I love this watch, the screen size is awesome, the green alpine band is really nice looking and very comfortable.   I was hesitant to get it but really glad I didI love it and all its features.  The titanium body looks great and lighter than it seems.  Another quality Apple product.Apple did an amazing job with this new design. I work in construction and havent had an issue yet with durabilityGreat watch.  Good battery life.  Hopefully they add to this adventure watch and include satellite service emergencyJust absolutely love this watch. The way it looks. The size. The screen. The battery life. I highly recommend it.It’s definitely worth the upgrade. Very good quality and the battery lasts for days.The watch is great, looks great and I like the Alpine band despite what other reviewers have to say.Best watch, so many great features. Would recommend to anyone looking to ease the burden of everyday tasks.Love everything about the apple watch ultra. Does everything i need it to do. Love all the featuresThe perfect Apple Watch! Upgraded from my 44mm S4 and I have zero regrets!
Excellent process for this order. Shipped nearly immediately and product is as advertised.A great watch, definitely Apple’s best, yet.  Long battery life and easy to read screen.Great scren display and a better battery life which doesn’t need to be charged more frequentlyGreat watch, my first Apple Watch, after 2 Fitbit stop working. Very happy with it. Thought it was going to be big but is perfect , thin wrist.Love it!! Battery lasts 3 days before next charge. Might be a little too big for some people’s taste.Its great. I like the new design, the battery lasts as long as advertised, and finally feels like a new Apple Watch after years of the same thing.Excellent and plenty of useful personal data with just everyday useLove it! The full keyboard to txt is a great feature the band fits snug and the battery life is great!Love this watch, best Apple Watch yet. Battery life is awesome and screen is clear and crisp.Very good battery life. Screen is larger and bright. New band is comfortable for all day use.I have had Iwatches 1-3&5.
This one rocks. I enjoy it daily. Looks good & makes a statement.Best apple watch ever!!! Keep up the good job.Everybody inspiring by apple.So many great festures built into a truly classy looking watchThis watch is more than I expected.. the look is can’t beat am in love with this watch.Absolutely flawless product! It’s so much more durable than the series 7Love my watch. Had the 5; this provides so much more info.Really like the watch. Not heavy at all. Has a cool design. Fit perfect.I had the apple watch series 4 I found the battery difference much bigger!Five days before I charge it , like the feature s and the sound is goodI'm so happy with my apple watch Ultra thanks for make this possible I really appreciate that
Don't think just buy it! watch worth money u pay.Not 100% but each time better..great battery life. A little pricey but the band is comfortable and battery lasts 2 or more days.Oh my gosh, I’m keeping this thing forever, THE BEST Apple Watch ever.Great watches. Perfect for hiking and water sports.The process was super simple and i recieved it within the time i was givenBig screen, battery last longer almost three days.I was fascinated i love it the best Apple Watch :)Better than the old Apple Watch. Many new featuresAwesome Watch would definitely buy again and recommend to a friendIt’s cool battery could use improvements but for the most part it’s really nice to haveLove the size and color.  Battery lasts for days, much improved.Amazing device.if you want a watch that does it all this is itGood and As expected. Loves battery hours in a single charge.Definitely the best apple watch out there! Worth every single dollarI am really enjoying all of the compliments on my watch. Big, bright and clear screen and the battery wow!!!The best there is worth the price. Have had many and this is the bestWOW.  WOW. WOW.  Look, feel, functionality.  Truly an  amazing watch.Excellent product!  Best iPhone companion!  Best quality!Good fit performance is great. Ive had no trouble with it at allLove this! It is a bigger screen than my 44mm and the battery is the best!
No issues, watch areive before exacpted date.  Happy with it.Great watch. Won’t need another this is it. A lot of watch.Everything as advertised, might be a tad too big for some people.Best Apple Watch to date.  Battery life is 36 hours plus but price is steep.Great battery life. Large screen, excellent speakers.Exelente equipo lo uso a diario.
Mi compañero fiel.Love the big watch face and the long battery life.Big screen and very durable love the color as wellBeen amazing for my fitness! The screen being big has been really nice!Upgraded from the series 4…3 day battery life is great.Love the larger size and full screen versus the curved edgesnice watch. easy to use. you will never regret buying this.Does everything I want and more. Would recommend to anyone.Nice product! Works great the battery life is soooo long!Great i like it alot bexause it is bigger tfan my old oneWorth the upgrade. Love the larger screen and battery lasts 3 daysI wear it for days without worrying about a chargeGood watch lots of new features, but tremendous battery impressed.The Apple Watch band is great.  Fits any wrist and I’d lightweightFantastic watch.. Apple het it out of the ballpark with this Apple Watch.
Can’t get enough of the big size great for my eyesWorks as it should this far. Only time will tell….zero complaints. I previously had a series 4 aluminum 45 by the way :)I think it’s the greatest Apple Watch ! The battery great and the size is very nice !This is the best smart watch. I have had an Apple Watch since the series 1 first came out and this is obviously the best. The only reason I give it 4 stars is because of the price. But it does have incredible battery life.Amazing watch especially great the most bands work on itThis is by far the best Apple Watch I’ve ever owned.This is great for a gift for someone who’s always active.This is great， loving it！Recommend to people who work out a lot .Great product. Very durable and has come in handy on my hikes.love the look and feel of this watch, so sleek and a comfortable fitI gove it 4 stars because of the bands I think they should have gave you more varieties to pick from the watch itself is amazingI couldnt have asked for a better watch, only downfall is the price but 12 month no interest financing for the win!Its good for the good features that it has but those features should be on the regular oneIt has really nice. The screen is better and the battery is the best part.Good watch but I hate the strap. It sucks when working out. Definitely buy another strap and do not wear the watch at night. It stays lit and the light is aggravating when trying to sleep.An apple watch with this type of battery life is priceless. Im getting about 3 days. Love the new look too.Bought to my wife just because of the new, sporty design and she loves it.this watch requires cellular and it won't work with gps only u going have put on ur cell phone bill I would bought if was a gps version only the watch not forever one and its way to big I will pass
