
I love my Apple Watch!!!! I had the series one, then the series four, and I just updated to the seven, and I have ZERO regrets. I don’t think upgrading to an Apple Watch every year is worth it, so I only do it every couple of years. They rarely make any changes, definitely not any significant changes, so getting the series seven weeks before the series eight release was a new brainier. I got the watch for $130 off, and I’m happy. The battery life is fantastic. If I don’t workout or make calls, my battery can last almost three days. I text daily with my watch using voice dictation, and it works almost perfectly. The entire keyboard is small, very small!! It’s not horrible, but unless you have things fingers, it will be pretty hard to write a decent length text message without mistakes. I personally recommend every Apple user have an Apple Watch. Texting, calling, tracking workouts, tracking steps, locating other Apple devices, etc, all on your wrist, is definitely worth it. One recommendation, hunt around. I got my series seven from BestBuy for $130 off.I made the switch from a Fitbit to the Apple Watch Especially since I had just switch from an android to an Apple phone. I was leery about making the switch as I have been using a Fitbit for over eight years and I am so happy I made the switch. I love having pictures on the face instead of a Clock as I have 24 different pictures rotating Including my fur babies, outdoor pictures and family photos which I did not include my family photos in the post. The only thing I am disappointed in is the battery life, but I have worked out a system to charge it Just as I am about to go into the shower and get ready for work. It takes me about 40 minutes to get ready in the morning and by the time I am ready it is fully charged! It does charge very quickly. I look forward to many years of using this watch.I am using this Apple Watch because I am part of a Heart Study. Researchers are tracking my use of the watch and assigning various goals and tasks. The watch helps me stay on track and accomplish these tasks. I never wore any watch before, but this one keeps things interesting -- tracking how much I exercise, how often I stand during a day, and how many calories I burn. It has many other useful features that I will, no doubt, come to rely on. Goal-oriented and competitive people would really like what the Apple watch offers.This is my first Apple Watch and overall I really like it. Being able to change the faces are interesting but it would be nice to have one that has all the specific things I’d want on my watch face but haven’t figured that out yet, I’m not the most tech savvy person. 
I actually enjoy using the activity and sleep trackers, though I might download a separate app for the sleep tracker. It sometimes doesn’t seem to provide all the input I want. 
I decided on the non-cellular version as I usually have my phone on me or nearby, though admittedly that can also be sometimes inconvenient. I usually only charge it once in a 24 hour period which is nice considering my phone doesn’t last half as long. It also charges very quickly.LOVE this watch. I swim a lot and love being able to wear it in the pool!  I use it daily to track my fitness goals. I also love it for making phone calls and sending texts. No more searching for my phone!  Love the blue!  I also love that you can make your own watch face with your own photos and add the complications that are important to you!  Wish I’d purchased it years ago!! I purchased an out of the box special and got a fantastic deal!  If you are on the fence, GO FOR IT!!I’ve never owned an Apple Watch before so with the price being basically the same as the Series 6 it was a no brained to get this one. I personally love it, I use it every single day. It tracks my fitness, I can see my notifications without needing to take out my phone, look at messages and respond to them. I’ve had no issues with it, it’s been great so far!!Nice and stylish watch! Helps to monitor ECG and a few other important vitals.  I always wear this while going for a walking or running.  This watch has motivated me to be active throughout the day.  I wear it for all occasions :)The watch was acquired at a discount to participate in a health study.  Just wish there had been more color choices available.  It seems to be working very well, battery lasts more than 24 hrs.I really love this watch but it scratches so easy. I had asked the cashier if they had a lot of complaints about the scratches and if I should buy a case. They said no which isn’t their fault I should’ve just bought one anyway but instantly within three days the entire screen was scratched. So if you do purchase this watch make sure to buy a screen protector. It also only has like eight hours of battery life maybe? But it’s a standard Apple Watch otherwise.Apple Watch series 7 is a great watch.  It has the ability to set a timer to make sure that you wash your hands for at least 20 seconds.  My watch face is showing me the date, Uv index, temperature, and the option to check my blood oxygen levels.This is my first apple watch gps . I never have any issue ! I so love it becuase im deaf i cang hear alarm but this watch has vibrate im so thankful for it . Its nice smoothly and wasy pin find my phone too it help and its so awesome to use this watch i promise you !Nice quality, def faster processor from the predecessor, like the customizable face.It’s okay. I wish Apple would add a more comprehensive sleep app like FitBit-measures AND grades your sleep AND breaks down your sleep. Apple Watch just tells you how long you’ve slept. FitbBit Sense’s battery life is much longer too.The watch was a awsome gift for the greatest woman ever she loved it !! 
I highly recomend it! 
Stylish,  very functional and so far so good 5 ⭐️My husband got me the larger face and I returned it for a smaller one.  Great customer service from beginning to end.  Everyone is so helpful from the time you enter the store til you exit.I love my new watch and it motivates me to get more steps. It’s helping me to regulate my blood sugar more.Love it!
I use it to track calories burned.
Very helpful when my phone is upstairs and I’m downstairs.Loving it so far. Everything I was expecting and then some. Very durable. I’ve been rough on it, as you might be able to see from the photosIt was great having Apple Watch from bestbuy with some discount added.After my pink Apple Watch 3 stopped working overnight, with no repair options, it was time for an upgrade
I love my Apple Watch!!!! I had the series one, then the series four, and I just updated to the seven, and I have ZERO regrets. I don’t think upgrading to an Apple Watch every year is worth it, so I only do it every couple of years. They rarely make any changes, definitely not any significant changes, so getting the series seven weeks before the series eight release was a new brainier. I got the watch for $130 off, and I’m happy. The battery life is fantastic. If I don’t workout or make calls, my battery can last almost three days. I text daily with my watch using voice dictation, and it works almost perfectly. The entire keyboard is small, very small!! It’s not horrible, but unless you have things fingers, it will be pretty hard to write a decent length text message without mistakes. I personally recommend every Apple user have an Apple Watch. Texting, calling, tracking workouts, tracking steps, locating other Apple devices, etc, all on your wrist, is definitely worth it. One recommendation, hunt around. I got my series seven from BestBuy for $130 off.I made the switch from a Fitbit to the Apple Watch Especially since I had just switch from an android to an Apple phone. I was leery about making the switch as I have been using a Fitbit for over eight years and I am so happy I made the switch. I love having pictures on the face instead of a Clock as I have 24 different pictures rotating Including my fur babies, outdoor pictures and family photos which I did not include my family photos in the post. The only thing I am disappointed in is the battery life, but I have worked out a system to charge it Just as I am about to go into the shower and get ready for work. It takes me about 40 minutes to get ready in the morning and by the time I am ready it is fully charged! It does charge very quickly. I look forward to many years of using this watch.I am using this Apple Watch because I am part of a Heart Study. Researchers are tracking my use of the watch and assigning various goals and tasks. The watch helps me stay on track and accomplish these tasks. I never wore any watch before, but this one keeps things interesting -- tracking how much I exercise, how often I stand during a day, and how many calories I burn. It has many other useful features that I will, no doubt, come to rely on. Goal-oriented and competitive people would really like what the Apple watch offers.This is my first Apple Watch and overall I really like it. Being able to change the faces are interesting but it would be nice to have one that has all the specific things I’d want on my watch face but haven’t figured that out yet, I’m not the most tech savvy person. 
I actually enjoy using the activity and sleep trackers, though I might download a separate app for the sleep tracker. It sometimes doesn’t seem to provide all the input I want. 
I decided on the non-cellular version as I usually have my phone on me or nearby, though admittedly that can also be sometimes inconvenient. I usually only charge it once in a 24 hour period which is nice considering my phone doesn’t last half as long. It also charges very quickly.LOVE this watch. I swim a lot and love being able to wear it in the pool!  I use it daily to track my fitness goals. I also love it for making phone calls and sending texts. No more searching for my phone!  Love the blue!  I also love that you can make your own watch face with your own photos and add the complications that are important to you!  Wish I’d purchased it years ago!! I purchased an out of the box special and got a fantastic deal!  If you are on the fence, GO FOR IT!!I’ve never owned an Apple Watch before so with the price being basically the same as the Series 6 it was a no brained to get this one. I personally love it, I use it every single day. It tracks my fitness, I can see my notifications without needing to take out my phone, look at messages and respond to them. I’ve had no issues with it, it’s been great so far!!Nice and stylish watch! Helps to monitor ECG and a few other important vitals.  I always wear this while going for a walking or running.  This watch has motivated me to be active throughout the day.  I wear it for all occasions :)The watch was acquired at a discount to participate in a health study.  Just wish there had been more color choices available.  It seems to be working very well, battery lasts more than 24 hrs.I really love this watch but it scratches so easy. I had asked the cashier if they had a lot of complaints about the scratches and if I should buy a case. They said no which isn’t their fault I should’ve just bought one anyway but instantly within three days the entire screen was scratched. So if you do purchase this watch make sure to buy a screen protector. It also only has like eight hours of battery life maybe? But it’s a standard Apple Watch otherwise.Apple Watch series 7 is a great watch.  It has the ability to set a timer to make sure that you wash your hands for at least 20 seconds.  My watch face is showing me the date, Uv index, temperature, and the option to check my blood oxygen levels.This is my first apple watch gps . I never have any issue ! I so love it becuase im deaf i cang hear alarm but this watch has vibrate im so thankful for it . Its nice smoothly and wasy pin find my phone too it help and its so awesome to use this watch i promise you !Nice quality, def faster processor from the predecessor, like the customizable face.It’s okay. I wish Apple would add a more comprehensive sleep app like FitBit-measures AND grades your sleep AND breaks down your sleep. Apple Watch just tells you how long you’ve slept. FitbBit Sense’s battery life is much longer too.The watch was a awsome gift for the greatest woman ever she loved it !! 
I highly recomend it! 
Stylish,  very functional and so far so good 5 ⭐️My husband got me the larger face and I returned it for a smaller one.  Great customer service from beginning to end.  Everyone is so helpful from the time you enter the store til you exit.I love my new watch and it motivates me to get more steps. It’s helping me to regulate my blood sugar more.Love it!
I use it to track calories burned.
Very helpful when my phone is upstairs and I’m downstairs.Loving it so far. Everything I was expecting and then some. Very durable. I’ve been rough on it, as you might be able to see from the photosIt was great having Apple Watch from bestbuy with some discount added.After my pink Apple Watch 3 stopped working overnight, with no repair options, it was time for an upgrade
I never got an aluminum case and I am very disappointed in this item. I used it twice and you have to charge it every night what’s the point of showing your sleep cycle if you can’t even wear it overnight without having to charge it I decided to buy my Fitbit again because I hate this watch. I did not give a good rating for some reason when I tried to select dissatisfied it said good and it would not let me change itThis was purchased for my wife, whom had resisted to an Apple Watch.  Her Fitbit was starting to not record so she agreed to the Apple Watch.  She is very pleased with it.   She has noted multiple phone calls she would have missed except for the Apple WatchJust returned the Apple Watch. Never leaving again.Overall extremely happy with this purchase you can do everything on this watch even check you oxygen and pulse it’s great for people with health problems like I got I absolutely love itI forgot with open box you don’t get a charger or anything but other than that, great condition for a open box Apple Watch. I just bought a new watch band from Apple.Very stylish watch. I use watch to monitor my bpm and oxygen levels . 
Loving the steps monitoring, plus notifications to get active.Excellent watch.It tracks move and has motivated to workout more.Very Happy with the purchase.  charging is a challenge . I Need to have another means of charging my watch.I had a 3 but I love this series 7 watch there are features I did not have on my 3. Specifically the one if you fall someone will be notified. The watch also comes with an extra strap.This watch is great. I have only had It one day, but it is a great upgrade from Apple Watch 3 & 5. 
The band is much and easier to secure to your wrist. All the watches i had were easy to set up but this one was faster
Larger face is a plus. Overall very happy I upgraded.Love it!!  Wore the iwatch 3 for years.  Didn’t realize what I was missing !I upgraded from a 42mm Series 3 and the 41mm is perfect size with even more screen than the old one. I really like wearing it and the green is cool, something different.I love my watch! I’m glad I bought it open box. It came with everything and was like new!I love my Apple Watch ❤️ It is very convenient for when I’m at work or driving I can answer faster and not stop what I’m doing.I purchased the nautilus bike online with ease and received the product on the day and time promised. I assembled the bike relatively easily by myself which I thought was an accomplishment  considering my health and age. I use the bike everyday and love it.I had the Apple Watch 2 for 4 years and I loved it so it was time to upgrade I love the 7 it’s great and I am so happy I bought it I know there is so much I can do with that I haven’t even discovered yet! Only thing is I wish they would have extended the battery life but I still love it!Love my watch! So light and fast, long lasting battery great update from my old series 3Excellent watch easy to use and my favorite app is the walki talkSo far so great. I purchased this for my wife and it was a massive upgrade from the 3 series.. She loves it and has not even explored the potential. I am a Samsung user with everything and have the Watch 3 and honestly this a very clear step up from that. Super sharp display.Love my watch. It was a very useful purchase. I would definitely recommend
My daughter loves this watch. Has so many functions and is easy to use. It’s also very stylish.Longer battery life and more scratch resistant face… The screen is larger allowing for a keyboard making for easier communication.Trust me I love my Apple Watch series 7 with all the new faces, workouts, swipe key pad it’s awesome and I thought my series 4 was lit. Sorry I didn’t get the blue instead to match my iPhone 13 but it wasn’t available at the time that’s why but I still love it…this is my first apple watch and I love everything. Soooo easy to use.Smarter than I am. Still don’t know how to use all of it’s capabilities. Love answering a phone call with the watches display. Need to know more about speaking to the phone.I have all Apple products & thought it was time to upgrade my Apple Watch Series 3 to the Series 7, which was a great decision. The clarity, tracking of exercises, screen width are a plus.The watch itself is fine. Nothing special if you’ve had any series Apple Watch previously. You should know though that the watch does NOT come with a charging block, only a wire and pad. The wire and pad, however, are USB C. It will not work on any traditional USB charging block or outlet which are in wide spread use. Apple, again, has decided to take it upon themselves to force you to purchase redundant equipment to make their products function. If you want to charge your watch, you need to bundle in a USB C charging block which is $15 or more at Best Buy.I’m obsessed with my watch & I definitely recommend getting it through Best Buy!!! I was hesitant on upgrading if there would be a difference but there really is!I’m so happy with my watch. One of the best purchases I’ve made recentlyVery good quality product! Highly recommended! Thanks best buy!Just got it 2 days ago and really liking it, the bigger screen looks even better in person and even the slight curved edges look great too, i havent had an apple watch since the series 3 so this is a huge upgrade, would recommend although a bit pricey.I loved the watch!! Bought open box in excellent condition like new.Love my Apple Watch. I have had 3 so far and I like all of the functions available and the face it is water proof.I love it it’s worth the money might as well get the latest for the same priceApple Watch was nice came on time and I loved it. Definitely a must have. Was forced to do the update on my phone to the newest iOS in order to link them but it was worth the trouble.Love this watch! Definitely worth the upgrade! Recommend buyingNice watch, compatible with different fancy bands love itLoving my new Apple Watch. Switched over from the Fitbit sense which was nice, but for some reason was causing pain in my wrist and hand.Excellent service…no waiting. Sales people very courteous, knew the product.. price was right , will continue buying my electronics at Best Buy.Love my watch. Nice easy and comfortable. 
No issues with using the watch. Easy connection with iPhone
I love it, I like how big the screen. If you have an older iwatch I would recommend you switching to this one. It’s honestly worth the upgradeI love this watch. This is my second one. I previously had a series 3. This one is bigger and better.  The display is awesome.I like so much this Apple Watch I recommend Big change in the screenAbsolutely love it, the face size is just right for meLove it I had the 2 before and the 7 is so much betterI love my Apple Watch 7.  It was so easy to set up using my iPhone.Love the watch. I do plan on getting more wristbands for itLove it, and added a case and groove for life watch band for maximum protection and comfort.I love my very first iPhone watch s7 45mm ! Love the big size watch!I love it I use it everyday everyday I remember itSo far so good… wish there were more color options.Love love my watch!  Best purchase I could have ever made for myself.So far I love it. Activity, music, msgs…all at hand.Love my Apple Watch. My first Apple Watch and I will sh I bought one years ago.Very nice to use, comfortable and useful, i likes to flexI really like this apple watch 7 it is more then I aspected it is really pretty it have a wonderful futures it help me to much when I’m in my job I don need to use my phone anymoreI loved this product but I’m a little unhappy with the size..I like this watch because it is so awesome and nice.Bought this as a open box display, realized it was a returned item( can’t say for sure , but pretty much think so). The issue is with the battery drain on the watch. I charged it to fully 100%, it only lasted 3 hours before it was totally discharged. Very inconvenient. Specs say that the battery under normal use should last up to 36 hours. This was not my first I watch and my other would last up to 2 days without having to charge it. I sent the watch to Apple, they returned it saying that the battery didn’t need replacing unless it was less than 80%. What a disappointment with their product. It’s still under warranty so I will try to resolve the issue again. My advice  “Buyer Beware”It’s my first Apple watch and I love how it looks. The only issue is the batter life!
Love the watch wear it everyday I love changing the bandsHonestly to be so expensive you’d want the watch to do way more! No internet, so no opening email links, no opening links sent in texts… can’t zoom into pictures to see, dies  so quickly…etc. I truthfully feel like I got ripped off… but here I am still wearing it.. miiiisssewell right lolI ordered an open box one in “excellent condition” but it had 2 scratches they failed to mention. It was cheaper than the original price and I traveled so I couldn’t return it but Im just a littttle disappointed because I trust Best Buy. They have always been great in the PastI initially ordered the Series 6 watch as a Christmas gift for my husband but after never receiving it despite the website showing it was available for same day pick up (in November), several calls to customer service, a Christmas day with no Apple watch, more calls to customer service and then a canceled order (by Best Buy) I finally got the Series 7. The watch itself is nice. I ordered the Starlight and the color is actually really nice. My husband ordered bands in every color of the rainbow and likes that he can switch them out. He doesn't use all of the features on the phone because he says he's not "that tech-y" but he's happy with the features he does use. He's been an android user for years and just recently switched to Apple and seems happy so far. Overall, nice watch. Large screen, lots of features, great if you're using it for health and fitness, looks great.Great  buy. Long battery life & great new feauturesThe battery don’t last sometimes when it’s fully charged the screen just go darkReceived an Apple Watch 7 (open box excellent) with broken sensor (internally - see the photos attached). Have to return back the item, sad.First time buying used and the last time. Watch got lost in the mail then the screen is a little off on the watch.Excellent product. The watch is well made and to my surprise was made in Vietnam not China (41 mm Aluminum watch). 
I love all the health features on this watch. I'm tracking my walks, runs and workouts. The watch helps with reminders to standup during the workday.
I primarily purchased this watch to help track my fitness goals and I am impressed with the features it has. It would be great if the battery lasted longer (I usually have to charge the watch every 18 hours).After a month of wearing and always taking off for a couple hours a day (I purchased 6/12), the back of the Watch sensors, not the band, are causing my wrist to get bumps and broken sores! I clean the back and keep my skin clean. It’s not an allergy, it’s from the sensors. Do research!!!Just got the item delivered to me. I got a ripped off box. I can’t return it because it has to be given away for a certain date. So dissatisfiedLove all the things this watch can do and how seamlessly it integrates with iPhones.  And it was super intuitive to set up. I can’t wear it 24/7 though.  I may look into a different watch bandJust opened it and has the “green snake of death”.As someone new to Apple with the iPhone SE 3rd generation, I very much enjoy the watch.
The key features I like are being able to set timers with Siri, look at my texts, and being reminded to stand or go for a walk. 
The watch also has other neat features like a water mode for swimming or surfing where it will play the speakers to remove excess water.
If you use Apple Pay, I would say this is a big convenience as the watch makes paying much easier than using your phone. Apple only gives 1% cash back on purchases with a physical card versus 3% with use of Apple Pay.Amazing. Technology and design. Beautiful colors and faces for watch. You scan choose size of letters too.I love this watch ! It’s so cute and comfortable. I got the 41mm and it fits perfect. I have small wrists so it’s a good size for me. I use it to go to the gym and it’s helped me a lot! Tracks calories burned. Miles. Texting on this is easy ! Battery life is so good. It lasts me all day I use it around 7am and don’t charge it till 8pm. The charging is super fast! In about 30mins it’s fully charged. I didn’t wear the band it come with I bought the Nike band and it’s comfortableThis is my 6th version of the Apple Watch while the features improve over the year the best one was the first one because I had it for 4 years with no problems until rain hit it! That is something that I’ve learn to buy a all in one cover that covers both screen and acts a a bumper guard! This was the 2nd time I’ve purchased a open box watch and I have to say that I’m very happy with everything I’ve purchased through open box deals I changed the bands all the time!!Love the different face styles and colors you can make on this watch. The heart & exercise apps and timers are great for keeping track of health improvements.Got my new Apple Watch today and my charger did not want to work I had to use my old charger going to Best Buy tomorrow to see if they can give me a new oneVery similar to the series 6, but with a slightly larger screen. The watch band slides on easier, which is a minor detail but an appreciated one. The watch is also a bit larger, but it feels a little more natural on my wrist compared to the 40mm series 6 I used before. Overall, it’s a great watch for someone looking for a sleek smartwatch, and the contour watch face looks great in person.
Upgraded from an iWatch 2 to the 7 when I broke my wrist (and watch) playing pickleball… love the new features of this watch and the “always on” feature. Also, I live alone so I feel safer in case I fall, when wearing the iWatchWhat a great watch! I’m in love! I had the first Apple Watch, used it for a few months and gave it to my kid. I had a different watch/activity tracker dor the last 2 years until it broke. I decided to go back to Apple and I’m so glad I did. This watch has so many features that are so useful. I will be buying more for my family for Christmas gifts. I replaced the band with the Black Unity band and just love it!My husband bought this for me after the one he ordered me was stolen from someone at FedEx. I already had a 38mm series 3 Apple Watch that works great, was just looking for an upgrade. The setup was easy. Love the EKG and blood oxygen monitor this watch features. I wanted the 41mm which is fantastic. It is taking a little getting used to the use of the full screen. Love this!I love this watch.  I like that I can see my heart rate when I want.  It’s also very handy to be able to answer phone calls on it, use my alarm, see so much of what I see on my phone.  I also love the toy story watch faces!  I also use it to track my activity!So pretty and the band is a natural sand looking color will match everything!This is my first smartwatch.  I really enjoy the features that it provides such as the activity tracker, ECG, heart rate, oxygen tracker.  The battery is down to about 50% at the end of the day for me.  Since I charge my iPhone 12 Pro Max and watch nightly it's not a big deal to me that the battery doesn't last days.  However, that is something to consider if you prefer not to recharge your watch nightly.  Overall, very happy with my Apple Watch 7.I’m very happy with my I watch
Is easy to use and fun
You have several colors in stock when other places had no stock at allThe Apple Watch 7 is nice 
The watch is very easy to setup and connects nearly instantly to your IPhone. The apps and available customizable watch faces are nearly limitless. The 45mm fits my wrist perfectly - it’s not too big. It looks amazing! Make sure to order a USB C charger when you order your watch. I’m not sure why it’s not included. Other than that it’s perfect!! Absolutely love it. Probably one of the best little things I’ve ever bought for me!This is my first Apple Watch. Green is my favorite color these days.And this is so cuteGreat blue color of this watch to match my iPhone 13 blue one. Watch band is dark blue. There is some confusion on what size bands fit this watch but hope that they will be more options soon. I like the new functions of the watch and that it’s just a little bit larger than the Apple Watch threeI am very happy with my watch. I love the color and all featuresExcellent watch, many features, comfortable on the wrist and very adjustable. The only thing is the battery life; you need to charge almost everyday if you’re using it a lot!Got this for my wife as a gift. Went from a 38mm Series 3 to a 42mm Series 7. Like the bigger screen. Starlight color is a nice mix between gold and silver and goes with just about anything. I read the screen scratches easily so I’d recommend a screen protector.As someone who has smaller wrists, this one fixes perfect will me. It’s easy to use and has accurate data for the heath part. I do recommend getting the Nike wristbands.I got it as a gift for the wife for mothers day and she absolutely loves it.Nice watch!   I upgraded and love all the extra!  Very sleek and prettyThis was my first Apple Watch. It is super easy to use and fits perfectly. I did, however, have to order the adapter to connect the charger. It would be nice if one came with the package. Overall I was satisfied with it and appreciate the fitness apps . It’s motivating to be able to share with others for friendly competition.The design is more  durable and dust resistant for the first timeGreat watch, great battery life especially how I use it. The screen is perfect and it’s very fast. Love the dark color and band. Definitely recommendLove my watch!! Red is an amazing color!! Shipping from FedEx got lost… and Best Buy did their best to get me another one asap!! Thank you Best Buy!!
Its a beautiful watch!  I got the gps only, that is all i need and its a very nice watchThis is my wife's 3rd iwatch, she loves the health tracking features.Beautiful an wonderful, a quick way to make calls and text.Brand New Watch 7 full with awesome health features.Love my Apple Watch Series 7. I didn't realize the 8 was due out so soon when I purchased it a month ago or so. After reviewing the extra features available on the 8 I was fine with getting the 7. It's reviewed very well and has everything I need. I've had a few Fit Bits, but decided to take the leap to the Apple watch. I'm so glad I did. It does so much more and the updates to my phone seem instant where with the Fit Bit I had to keep going in and out of the app on my phone for the updates to take. I love that I can accept phone calls on my Apple Watch. I also love that I can receive DUO notifications when remoting into my work computer from home. Accepting the push out is so much more convenient as my watch is almost always on my wrist and my phone is not necessarily "attached to me at all times". I was concerned about spending the money, when the Fit Bit's are so much less expensive. But I'm glad I did. The ONLY downside I've noticed is that the battery life is not that of what the Fit Bit offers. I need to recharge almost every other day. With the Fit Bit it was once a week. Still, the trade off's are worth it.I've been in the Garmin ecosystem for years and making the change to a new fitness device was not a decision I took lightly. But my latest Garmin was beginning to lose the ability to keep a charge and when I started looking for a new Garmin to replace it I was really disappointed with the styles available. I also recently made the jump to the iPhone from Samsung Galaxy, and the Apple Watch was on sale so I took a shot. And I'm glad I made the switch!
One of the things I was worried about was the battery life. But turning off the always on display (which seems like a real waste of battery, why do I care if it's displaying anything when I'm not looking at it???) and even using GPS for 60-90 minutes every day, my battery only goes down to 60-70%, so I suspect I'd get 3 or so days if I didn't recharge every night anyway, which is about what I was getting with my Garmin.
It took some time getting used to the fitness features, and syncing them with MyFitnessPal and Strava, but now that I'm used to it, it's... not quite seamless but only takes a few seconds to get everything synced.
The band took a few minutes to understand but now I really prefer it to a traditional watch band.
I was a little bummed to hear about the Series 8 coming out soon but looking at the new features, I don't feel like I'm missing out on anything that would be useful to me.I love my Apple Watch, which I was very reluctant to purchase, but after much research decided to get it.  My cardiologist recommended this since I have AFIB and my watch now allows me to take an ECG/EKG and send it directly to her.  The watch allows me to also watch my heart rate and keep an eye on my blood oxygen level.  But I have found it also to be so very useful during exercise and workout at the gym and just working at home doing chores.  Gives me so much information regarding health.  But, also use it for timers, reminding me to take medication, can answer calls no matter where I am in the house.  I also can see emails that have arrived, text messages, and can access all kinds of apps and programs.  
I opted to only get the gps version, but perhaps will upgrade to the data version next year or so.  
I was concerned about the battery life, as it really only lasts about one day, BUT, it takes only a short time (few minutes) to totally recharge.  I usually take it off and recharge while getting ready for bed and then take it off again when I awaken to get ready for the day and it is totally recharged in that little time.  
I love the Starlight Sport Band, and it goes through a lot, but has not scratched or marred in anyway and washes off very easily with just a damp cloth.  
I also did not get a protector for the face watch and so far so good.  I have, by accident, hit it on walls, cabinets, desk drawers, etc, and no scratches or breaks at all.  And I wear this watch 24/7 except to take it off to recharge.  
Hightly recommend!!!Having owned a few Samsung Galaxy watches, I decided to try out the Apple watch. The UI is super simple and easy to use, along with the format of the notifications. I’ve also bought a few different colored bands and the watch looks very appealing. The battery life isn’t as great as I only can get about 2 days worth of use before having to charge it again. The lack of customizable and different options for watch faces are also lack luster.The actual watch is not really that green. With a different band you will think it's black.  I would call it dark forest black as the metal is much darker than it looks on some of the pics. The pic I took shows a hint of green in the watch, but that's up close with good lighting. I asked my wife what color it was and she said it was black.I love it.  It does many more things than I actually need, but it does the ones I want quite well.  I like the smaller size (41mm), since it fits my wrist better and is less attention getting.  I like the range of medical data the watch provides, including some measurements that go beyond most smart watch capabilitites:   ekg, blood oxygen levels, fall detection, and more.  Today's current favorite feature is the "Find" feature -- I used it to easily find my iPhone, rather than hunting through the whole house.I dropped by previous watch on my kitchen floor causing a horrible crack on my 4th series watch.  Before the crack my watch had begun having issues. I guess that was a sign.  It was too expensive to get my screen fixed and my watch was no longer covered by Apple Care.  I cannot live without my watch.  I ordered the new 7th series on that Saturday when I cracked my screen.  It areived the next day and was fully charged.  I was a happy camper and loved all the new features this watch offered compared to my old warch.  The price was worth the purchase and highly recommend you checking this watch out for yourself.  You will love it!Where have you been all my life! I was an Android person since initial iPhone days. Tried many of the Android based watches but none ever hit the mark. At age  66, I decided it was time to give series 7 a go. I am happy I waited as this version has everything I want (except a camera!- come on Apple, squeeze one in!!) Now an official member of the Apple Ecosystem. This is easily one of my top 3 watches when it comes to comfort of fit. I especially like the leather link band- very comfortable, most times don’t even know the watch is there!!I love my apple watch. The color matches everything and the screen is pretty durable without a protector. The size options are great. If you enjoy working out daily, have difficulties tracking your phone, and might want to answer your phone while driving through your watch I would recommend! The battery lasts a solid 24 hrs and charges relatively quickly.Great it does what you expect. I had a fitbit sense connected to android and later  iOS and between the two I think apple watch is easier to work when it comes to ECG readings and general navigation. Call functionality also works better but I have to say the Fitbit app is superior as far as how things are displayed on apple I need several apps to run the same.
It’s a little more comfortable on my arm than sense but I would say you need a screen protector on it. I never needed one with my Fitbit.I am really enjoying my watch. It has many functions including an exercise feature that keeps track of how many steps I’ve taken and how long I’ve exercised. Previously, I had a dedicated exercise product that reviews said would be more accurate than an Apple Watch. But my husband also got an Apple watch and we walk together each morning. Our watches are remarkably close in how many steps they say we’ve taken. We also don’t have to have our phones right with us to receive calls, texts and emails. We are very happy with our watches.My Apple Watch has more options than what I have had time to learn. I like the easy to read dial, how fast it charges and how slow the battery drains. I like to be able to glance at texts and emails in group settings without bringing out my phone. I particularly like taking my ECG to assure myself I’m not in AFib. I did replace the band with a magnetic band.I really like the watch - and all its aps.  There are a few things that could be better.
1.  When I am tracking my walking exercise - which is usually on a trail, any pause -- like taking a picture, or even waiting my turn to cross  stream, the watch keeps pausing my exercise, and I have to remember to restart it again.  It's sort of like havig a pet that you have to monitor all the time.
2.  The battery life is only 18 hours or so. How do I manage this if I am on a wilderness trip with no electricity to charge my phone overnight?  I could carry a battery but then I would need several (5 or more) to charge my phone for the whole trip.   So as a heart rate monitor the watch does not work unless you are near a good consistent charging source.  useless for wilderness trips.
Other than that I really like the watch, I like the light band and the chance to change the face, and all the health aps that come with it.  It surprised me when I got a call and I could answer it with my watch!!
However I do have to be careful when I am in a theater, theater mode is easily turned off, and the alarm still went off!  Airplane mode has to be turned on as well.
There is more to explore, but I am enjoying it.This is an elegant watch, and the color (starlight aluminum) matches well with the gold iPhone 11. It's a convenience device, but there are pretty good things (sensorics) at your wrist. You can be in the house, and not have the phone close by, yet see who's calling, etc. The only con I can think of is that you have to charge yet another device.I really enjoy and use my Apple Watch Series 7. I have lung cancer and it tells me my blood oxygen saturation. I found using different faces fun, but have settled on the Modular because of all the "complications" (information that you choose) it presents at once. I live alone and it will call for help if I fall and cannot get up--very important. I can send texts--use voice for ease; I can answer calls; and when I need my authorization number for websites it appears on my watch and I no longer have to go looking for my phone.If you’re on the fence about getting an Apple Watch, get off and go get the watch. Texting, calling, tracking workouts, tracking steps, locating other Apple devices, etc, all on your wrist, is definitely worth it.  If you want to save $$$ skip getting the new version because Apple only makes tiny changes each year. Overall, Apple Watch is 100% worth it in my opinion.
I love my apple watch series 7.  I'd been considering purchasing one since losing my traditional wrist watch and finally wandered into Best Buy to check them out.  The staff was very helpful and spent time showing me all of the features of the watch. I bought one and it's one of the best purchases I've made so far.  I can monitor my health (I have some heart issues) and track my fitness level while doing the sports I love. I also enjoy getting my email and message and phone notifications and being able to change watch faces and bands (I bought extra) whenever I feel like it keeps it interesting! So glad I bought it.I had to order a new Apple Watch, cos’ my series 3 Apple Watch drop to floor it won’t turn back on and I did all the tips on how to get working again. So I decided to get the series 7s which it was a good price compared to brand new this watch still works great I lovedCan't get through my day without my Apple Watch!  My first one was Series 4, which unfortunately smashed when it fell to the garage floor one day...So this Series 7 replaced it and I'm so dependent on referring to it for so many things everyday (weather, date, my BP/steps/calories burned, timer, alarm, quick view of emails/texts) that I will likely never be able to have a traditional watch again!My Apple 12 Pro cell phone  had an automatic update and my existing Apple Watch three could not survive the change. It took a couple of days before I realized that I had an issue. Although I already knew that the Apple three watch was not updating routinely for quite some time. I missed a couple of calls I just thought I was busy but realize that my watch had not vibrated. Then I tried that wonderful benefit of the watch, the locator for my cell phone, and it would not work. The same day I went and purchased the new Apple seven watch. I have had it one day. It took some time to get it properly charged, but I already love it. I realize I am very happy with Apple watches and I needed one I could depend on. Then salesman helped me set it up After answering all of my questions and I felt comfortable purchasing a new one. I have a lot to learn as this has new features but I am thrilled I made the decision to purchase itI had long been intrigued by the Apple Watch -- and skeptical, too. I love watches, but I love the ones that are mechanical and can be wound simply by movement. The Apple Watch has to be charged pretty much every day (!) and would I really want to check my messages and the news on my wrist? 
What won me over was the health stuff -- SpO2, heart rate, sleep, etc. I had a Fitbit but there was always something inaccurate or annoying about it.
Well, after about three weeks, I'm surprised to say: I love my Apple Watch. I try to alternate it with my "real" watches -- putting on my Oris or Baume et Mercier while it's charging -- but it's getting a lot of use. I can see when someone's at the door (via Blink)! I can run my music through it! I can make phone calls like Dick Tracy!
Now I just hope the battery holds out for more than a couple years.So I bought these as a gift for my daughter for her 8th promotion and she was very happy. She really love the fact that she doesn’t have to pull her phone out to view her messages or just to simply check the time. The color is nice. Wasn’t sure about it at first but once I seen it in person I was sold. I would very much recommend this to anyone looking to buy any smartwatch.Very happy with purchase. The 7 is everything that Apple and the tech world said it was. Clear screen, easy touch, responsive and links quickly to phone with no issues. Backwards compatible to older bands I had from previous iWatch. Green color is nice and it goes with other band styles.Apple delivered a great product and this is coming from a former android fanboy. Bought this for my fiancée and she absolutely loves it. It seems very durable, It’s even been dropped a few times and not even so much as a scratch on it. Great purchaseMy first one kept saying it was wet and I could not get it off of that message and I took it back where they promptly traded it for another one and the salesman was so nice and helped me pick out the color of eye watch and the color of the band he must’ve answered all my questions which probably was a good hour. I really am glad that I have them behind my purchaseMoved to this 40mm Series 7 from a 38mm Series 3, mostly due to screen size and limited storage on the Series 3.  So far I'm really glad, because 2mm in case size plus the redesigned screen itself results in a significantly better UI.  Using primary as a workout watch and the only "glitch" I encountered initially is that HR didn't record with any reliably.  Eventually found that tightening the band on notch fixed the problem though.  It's my observation that for workouts you will need to wear this watch "tightly" not just "snugly" as Apple recommends.  Other than that, I'd highly recommend this to anyone looking for a smartwatch.  And it's a no-brainer for anyone already into the Apple ecosystemThis is my first Apple Watch and smartwatch in general. So far it’s been great and fits my wrists better than the 45mm and hides away under my sleeve best. The smaller size isn’t an issue in terms of screen size either, I can use the keyboard with no issues.
So far I’ve really loved having an Apple Watch for driving directions and general notification. This Watch actually helped me start working out! It’s awesome to have my hikes tracked as well and when I go skiing. I never expected to want a smart watch but now that I have one I don’t think I could go back!Great watch.  I bought this watch as a graduation gift for the young lady in the army. She was so excited! She uses it every single day, specifically for the fitness features.  We don’t have anything negative to say about the watch, the only negative thing that occurred during this experience was that this particular watch was open box. So I’m glad I actually open the box before I wrapped it up for her because although there were stickers all over the box that said that it had been inspected, it clearly hadn’t been inspected and it was missing the charger. On the positive side, I went to the Best Buy store and explained what was going on. The manager went ahead and replaced the charging cable no problem.I had the Apple Watch Series 5 before this one, and by far this one has so many more features. I really like that it can take my heart beat which I use a lot when I’m in the gym I highly recommend this watch and the screen is really big.I absolutley love this new color and screen! We know it is the Series 7's most significant change, but there are a few other awesome updates like the design is more durable and dust resistant for the first time, it can charge up to 33% faster than the Series 6 and the aluminum casing comes in new color options.
Otherwise, the Apple Watch Series 7 has all the same goodies as the Series 6, including the more premium features missing from the Apple Watch SE like blood oxygen saturation measurements, an always-on display and the ability to take ECG measurements from the wrist.Does everything you would expect it to. The only thing I don't like is when using the apple sleep app the alarm is sent to the watch. The watch gets covered by the blankets or whatever and its not as loud for my alarm. I want the watch to track my sleep but I want the alarm to remain on my phone.Another gift I purchased. My sisters first applewatch. She loves it. Color goes with almost every outfit. Perfect size for smaller wrists. A glass protector is recommended but a good purchase especially since the 8s are out.Bought as a present and it works great. Tracks heart rate, oxygen and sleep/activities. Best purchase ever - never thought that this will be more than a toy when it actually is a great health tracker. Loved the green color - probably my favorite. As always BestBuy delivers the best price.This watch is beautiful to look at and functions on many levels including fitness, communication, and connectivity. I waited a long time until I pulled the plug and this purchase and am so happy that I did!Never thought I'd wear one of these.  But am finding it useful.  Almost too many options.  
Just find the battery doesn't last very long.  And the charger is difficult to stay on
Would like to remove some apps that they won't let you remove.I really liked my Fitbit Luxe but I love my Apple Watch series 7.  It definitely makes my phone and watch a “team”. I will never go back to wearing a regular watch!
Really pleased with the features and easy functionality of this series Apple Watch.  Had an earlier version that would not hold decent charge, etc.  This is a definite upgrade in features and in battery life.  Also the "fast charging" capability.  My only disappointment was it was on sale for much less only a few weeks later.loved it and love the  ECG ability and history..  has reminders through out the day  to move or mindfulness reminders... I bought green because it was cheaper for some reason but I love my appleReally nice watch. I upgraded from the 3. The watch is very durable and I use it daily - almost 24/7 to track my movement, steps, heart rate, and my sleep pattern. I know it's not 100% accurate but it's a good guesstimate of my day. No case was needed and I purchased extra bands. many apps to choose from. Locks my car, and controls my life!!I was skeptical to purchase this but it made me a believer.  I LOVE Apple products but I was afraid to get the watch.  I’m so happy that I did.  I can take EKG’s, check my heart rate and my oxygen.  I can check my blood glucose and several other things that the watch will let me do.  It reminds me to get up and move I can take breathing exercises when I’m stressed.  That just a few services that the watch will afford you.  I never leave home without it, and if you don’t have your iPhone and you get a call you can talk on your watch.  That’s AMAZING!Bought the watch for my daughter, she loves it.  She has been using a Fitbit and was not sure about going to Apple.  She loves it!  She enjoys the fitness features and ability to txt and even make phone calls on her new watch.I never thought I wanted or needed an Apple Watch, but we are recovering from an auto accident and after one of my appointments with the pain management doctor my husband took me to get a watch and it is actually getting used now as part of my treatment and recovery. So much to learn about it though and utilizing everything it can do.I bought this wAtch for health and safety reasons.  It tracks my movement, sleep, standing time, water intake etc.  However, the number 1 reason I chose this was for fall risk and fall detection.  I have some serious health issues and my children feel netter knowing it can detect if I fall and can call emergency services as well as call them as my emergency contacts.  It can detect atrial fibrillation and can monitor heart rate.  Being able to answer the phone using the watch as well as text is a bonus for me.  Good product for my needs and cheaper than Life Alert.I held out on buying a watch of any kind for so long. I initially bought this watch because of Spotify integrating into it and eventually being able to download a playlist and listen offline. Then I benefited from the fitness and sleep trackers and it has been well worth the investment.This watch works perfectly, i even made a mistake in installing its band and damaged it but Best Buy gave me a new set of bands and taught me how to put them on right, the customer service is superb!great not just watch but device. Love that it has a fall detection monitor, you can measure your pulse, blood oxygen, etc. It's great for seniors and people who are even not that technically savvy. Nice big display. I just wish Apple released the flat sided one like they were supposed to so we can have the newest freshest design. But oh well, it's still a great watch.Very easy to use and comfortable to wear. Slightly less wide and tiny bit longer than a Versa which makes it fit much better on the wrist while still having a large enough screen to see everything well. Battery only lasts a little over 24 hours but charges to 100%  insanely quickly. I charge for about 20-30 minutes every night before bed and it lasts all night and day and is at around 30% when I chargeLove my Apple Watch! As always easy to setup and use. Great for keeping me active during the day and not having to have phone in hand all day.I like the size and comfortable band ! Once  I learned to set it so the face wasn't always on the battery life is longer. Charger is great. NOT a big fan of the activity rings vs my Fitbit's step/exercise tracking and the sleep tracker isn't as good either.Bought this for my daughter and she absolutely loves it. The blue color is very classy and goes with everything. The watch has more features than she'll ever use.This is my first Apple Watch and I am really pleased with it! It is just a fun thing to have, especially if you like to exercise. But it's also nice to be able to quickly look at text messages, etc. that come in without having to lug out my phone. I've even answered messages, using the microphone to make responding even easier. The band is comfortable and easy to change if you want to buy other bands. I haven't worn any kind of watch for years, but I am loving this watch! I do get a little tired of it by the end of the day, so I am giving only four stars on comfort... but really, it isn't bad!I work on a jobsite and often times have to do labor that would normally have scratched my watch. However, I have yet to have any scratches on it and it's nearly 3 months old. This watch replaced my 3rd generation apple watch. Much smoother and way better screen. It's nice that the screen stays on at all times to display the time. The battery does last all day!to be open box it is a product in perfect condition without scratches or bumps, without any detail and all its accessories, excellent item and price I recommend it 100%The series 7 is so much better and faster than the earlier series 2 that I had.  I hated the series 2 and quickly switched to Fitbit for a few years.  My only complaint about any apple watch is the battery still needs charging almost every day, but at least now it's fully charged in less than an hour.I love the apple watches. Whenever the new ones come out I try to get the newest one. I will give this watch to my dad so that he can keep track of his heart rate and monitor his o2 and help him with staying healthy.The watch has a number of new features which I like.  The blood oxygen measurement and the medication reminders are my favorites.  I think that the activity measurements have been improved . I did not like the plastic sports band and immediately replaced it with sports loop band because of ease of use and comfort.  All in all another good product from Apple.
can keep up w my messages/ phone calls without having to keep my phone glued to me. It was a little on the pricey end, but I’m happy so far. The battery life can last up to two days so I don’t have to charge it everyday like my last Apple Watch.Upgrading from a 3 to a 7 was a great choice. The always on display is the biggest and most noticeable change. We use our watches mostly for fitness tracking and messaging. The watch is beautifully made.Wonderful Mother's Day present for Mom. She really enjoys it, more than she expected. Fits her small wrists nicely. Good battery life. Excellent screen. Let's her know when she gets a message on her phone, which isn't always close by. Like other smartwatches, you can only charge with a special charger - no USB-C, etc.I'm new to the Apple world.  Previously had a Samsung Galaxy Active2.  The battery life seems comparable.  If you forget to charge it you can get through the following day until late afternoon.  Always on watch display is a nice feature.  I feel that the watch face selection seems somewhat limited as compared to the Galaxy Active 2.  I like useful information (temperature, battery charge meter, step counter, today's date) and of course the time of day.  This combination of information seems hard to find in the Apple Watch ecosystem.  Lots of pretty graphics but not all the information that I would prefer.  Charger is USB C just to annoy you.  It would be nice if Apple would include a charging base that was typical USB A rather than USB C.  But that's Apple for you.  Included strap is more comfortable than Samsungs design for the Active2.There are a few key things I dig about this watch. Let me preface that it may not be what a lot of people want out of the Apple Watch. I am probably not the target demographic for a lot of this, and it seems like so much is geared to health and all of that. I am pretty lazy in terms of even if I work out I am not tracking enough of it to have my watch do much beyond tell me about rings or similarly nag me if I sat too much that day.
What I love most is the bigger watch face. I had a Series 3 and found myself stop using it because even notifications that I found useful started just driving me nuts because it would be cumbersome. The extra real estate of this watch face is great and makes it usable as my lil calendar and task list.
Since I last used my Apple Watch Series 3 (probably 2 years) I've changed jobs and stuff. Using Okta and having verification push to this so I can just click "Yes" is awesome. Heart monitoring thing is great on the Series 7 and has just made me more aware of my body and its responses.
Now with the MagSafe Duo charger it's less dumb and clunky with the goofy special watch charger, so with all these things I find I actually put it on in the morning and use it now. Even sending a text if I need to isn't basically a gimmick like it was on my prior watch.Súper nice watch with cool updates features. Battery life is excellent and the apps are much easier to read than my older version. Very satisfied with the pirchase.Excellent Apple Watch - does everything that you would expect from a 7th generation device. I like the band (although my friends have gone over to the magnetic bands). It charges quickly and will usually go an entire day with charge left over. I wouldn't try two complete days, though.This was a gift for my elderly mother. Took a bit for her to understand all the features it offers. She enjoys having the ability to track her health. I feel good knowing that she has it in the event she falls.The pictures make it look WAY more green than it actually is. I bought the color because it was cheaper but you can easily swap out the band if you want to-- actual watch looks black rather than green. Also thanks bestbuy for price matching this watch for me!I never thought I would have any use for an Apple Watch. Now I never stop wearing it. It’ll last me at least a day. I use it to track my walks, strength training, and playing basketball. Also pretty convenient to be able to see/get notifications without having to take out my iPhone. I don’t really care for the contour edges though.My Apple Watch series 5 fell to a tile floor & cracked the screen.
Couldn’t live without the Apple Watch!
Really enjoy the Apple Watch series 7 with the pulse ox & the faster charging speed.
Found out when setting up the series 7, that I could use both Apple Watches on the app. Now, I have a work around home one & one for going out from home.The color is more closer to a dark navy would of preferred a black but it will do. Just wish apple would always put a black in when ever they upgrade but there is nothing like an Apple Watch best everIt was an opened box with discount. I decided on the non-cellular version as I usually have my phone on me or nearby, I can see my notifications without needing to take out my phone while in the meeting. I’ve had no issues with it, it’s been great so far!!I love my watch! I transitioned to an Apple Watch from a Fitbit and was slightly concerned that it would be difficult to figure out all of the options on an Apple Watch, it was easy and I have mastered the main features.  My only negative observation is that the data that I received for free about my sleep cycle was better on the Fitbit than on an Apple Watch. I may be wrong, but it seems like you must purchase an app to get similar information from an Apple Watch.  I do appreciate the health and safety data that is accessible. It can take an ECG and test for heart arrhythmia  Also, because I sleep with it on, it is tricky to find a good time to charge it.  Battery life is much longer with a Fitbit. In spite of all of this, I think that this was a positive purchase that I will enjoy for years.I have always liked the watch. It stays on my wrist 24/7. The only bad thing about this watch is there are so few watch faces. The battery only lasts a little over a day.I never wanted a watch as I don’t like wearing them however I figured it was much easier to have a watch for running outdoors than carry my big phone. I love the apps and the Health app on the watch as well.I purchased this for my wife for Valentines Day. She had mentioned borrowing my daughters Iwatch so I decided I would get one for her. She is able to check her blood oxygen, sleep monitoring, heart ECG anytime and heart rate. She enjoys being able to take a call on if if her phone is not nearby. It has an always on display that I turned off as it seems the battery needed to be charged every day, now it’s every other day.  My Iwatch 3 lasts longer.It comes with the charging cord but no charger but I use the Anker charger I use for my iPhone 13 pro and it charges very fast compared to my iwatch3. She is very happy with it and I would recommend it. I also like that if she fell it can get help.Wonderful watch, I also have the 8 now and I can say if you’re on the edge about upgrading or saving a few dollars. Get this one. They are identical,. Minus crash sensor.I loved my Garmin Vivoactive, but wanted to switch to Apple products. This watch is different from the Garmin, but I am not disappointed at all! It has so much more to offer. Intuitive, classy, so far the only drawback is battery needs charging daily, but that’s because it’s working all the time in so many ways. Love it!I've had the Apple Watch 3 since the day it was available. It has worked very well for me to track my runs, see my texts, answer calls when I can't find my phone, and control my music. I held off upgrading because the old watch worked great, but the battery started to barely last a day. The series 7 has more functionality, a bigger screen (I had the 42 mm and moved to 41 mm -- which seems bigger), and much better battery life. Most importantly to me, it works exactly the same as the old watch; no learning curve needed.
So far, this watch has met or exceeded all my expectations. I would highly recommend this watch to anyone that may be hesitant to purchase.  I do not believe you will be disappointed.It was a gift from my wife. She loves it. No complaints. I purchased face covers from another site so she has a variety. I read that the face can be easily scratched so didn't want to take a chance and prove that correct.Replaced a series 1 Apple Watch.  I really like the new features.  I can use my 38mm watch bands on my new 40mm new watch.  38mm  screen protectors do not fit but that's ok. I get protectors for my watch and phone because I am clumsy and can do damage. So far the battery life has been as expected.I like Apple products in general. This series 7 Apple Watch has heart rate monitor which is very helpful for anyone to keep track of their heart health.Never had a smart one besides the original Fitbit but honestly I love this Apple Watch. ELG is useless but blood pressure/pulse is very accurate when working out. Workout app seems to be almost spot on as well. Only downside is with the blood pressure/pulse/workout apps going, battery does die pretty fast but it also charges fast.I love my watch and all the things it can do. My favorites are getting to swim with it, find my phone with it, listen to my podcasts while I work, I’m completely lost without it! Great product!I really like the product!  I had a knowledgeable salesperson who helped me compare products and features in the store.  I think I got the best product for my needs.  My only complaint is that the charging block does not come with the product.  Because this color wasn't in stock at the store, the items was shipped to my home.  Unfortunately, when it arrived the battery was so low, I could not pair it until I was able to go out and by a charger to for it.  It would be great if when putting the product in the shopping basket the system suggests the charging block automatically.  This way the shipment would arrive with everything needed for use.I love this watch, it’s really nice and love the size of the screen , I use to have a Samsung and I’m enjoying  the upgrade.  It has many features but my favorite it’s the health.I really love it is so easy to use will driving and especially when you are working but still want to see notifications without using the phone and the calls and messages are really easy to answer with the watch. Comfortable, nice look, accurate, and always in styleThis is my second apple watch.  The product is great, the service from BB on picking up in store was excellent. I did  move to the Apple Watch without the cellular service this time.  Just didn't use it otherwise.I Used To own a 3 series watch and this 7 series is a bit more of a upgrade. The screen is definitely larger, comfort is good and the updates for this watch is very reliable like the whole washing your hands for 20 secs, faster response in changing apps. If your looking to upgrade your old watch to this, then your making a good choice.It’s an Iwatch 7. It’s blue, it tells time and other stuff I don’t Know how to use. There isn’t much difference from my Iwatch 6. It does hold a charge longer.I bought this for my girlfriend, to match mine. She loves it and it does exactly what she needs it to do. I recommend pairs of Apple watches for couples, as the ease and simplicity of communication between people is astounding. The always on screen is cool. The battery isn’t as long lasting as the 44mm version, but it definitely charges fast enough for most of her purposes.I put off buying an Apple Watch for the longest time. Finally got a series 7 and am totally hooked.  It’s helped me keep in touch with family because I need to keep my phone on silent when at work. The vibration is just enough to not be annoying.Snug, comfortable, and fashionable. Sensors and/or software seem to be less accurate than my previous watch (third gen). For example, it consistently tells me that I have reached my stand goal (8 hours) even though I have only been awake for 6… so take the measurements with a grain of salt. 
Heart rate and blood oxygen measurements, on the other hand, are spot on compared with other dedicated devices.Nice color, very handy, will recommend to all. I could not take it out because I was hooked with my fitness goals and this one is just perfect.For me acts like a nice extension of my phone. You can read texts, jump 30 seconds on a podcast, turn off your alarm etc. without having to pull out your phone. Activity Tracker is useful motivation. Seeing your heart rate info and sleep patterns will also be useful over time.
That said just giving 4 stars instead of 5 because that's all nice, but it's not like a life changer or anything.  Would only buy if on sale.Love my watch!  My Series 2 was still working, but I figured it was time to upgrade.  Love the Apple Watch!  Never go a day without wearing it!I got this used and it was in perfect condition. This is one of those things that I wasn’t sure how much I would use and now I can’t leave the house withoutLove this watch. I had an apple se and decided to upgrade . The battery last much longer has a few extra things my se  didn't have. Glad I purchased.
Bought this for my husband for his birthday and he loves it! It’s very convenient at work since he’s always moving around and people are constantly contacting him. It’s much easier for him to text or call right from his wrist while working.I upgraded from gen3 Apple Watch. Love this one a whole lot. Battery life is fantastic. The always on feature is a game changer for me. Same size as previous but bigger font and display. Love it!!This watch was a present for my nephew, he enjoy the Activity app, the oxygen level, heart rate and ECG. A plus is the battery, it lasts more than 12 hours.This is my first Apple watch. I had the Sam sung watches and sorry Samsung but this watch is much more comfortable. The learning curve for someone coming from Android is a small hassle but once figured out it is fine. The ecg and other health apps are a no brainer for someone older. The only con for me is I use the Facer app for faces and it is lacking compared to the Android side.I bought this Apple Watch for my wife. I’m very impressed with the seamless integration of the watch with the iPhone. The fact you don’t need to sync it using an app makes it a great experience. It is very bright at sun light so it is easy to see. The health information is very useful. Also, she loves the integration with peloton.Bought to replace a lost series 5 watch i had. This watch is very nice. In fact after watching the apple sales pitch today for series eight, well, i’ll just hang onto this one. This one does all i need it to do.The watch is nice. I upgraded from an apple watch 3 and although I did need a new watch (mine was old and beat up) I would have been just as happy with a new apple watch 3. It was very expensive and I don't need or use any of the fancy features on the 7 series. Also, the best-buy employee that was "helping us" was not extremely helpful.Apple product are always awesome and it is even more better with Best buy rewards..
the watch is great and it is functioning good.This is my second Apple Watch. I just wanted some of the new features. I wish I could have had a rose gold watch and pink band like my first one, but this has all the important features like fall detection.Have been using this watch since I purchased it. The battery last about two days, which is excellent for Apple watches.What can I say it’s Apple so you know it’s a great product. I love how Best Buy always has the new tech availableThe Apple iWatch works great! Nice added perks from the series 2. They aren't worth upgrading every time, but this was a good reentry after having the series 2 for so many years. It depends on on many messages you get and how long you use it for exercise, but I usually get through the day with about 40% remaining on the battery.Bought this last year for my mom, she LOVES it. I’ll be buying one for myself, my husband, and my child! I love every feature it offers.I love watches and I took the plunge after having several Fitbits that quit after the warranty.  I set mine up with Minnie Mouse and love that she tells me the time in her voice.  Provides phone and text notifications along with my health statusGreat Apple Watch no complaints. Was a replacement for an older version that broke and decided to buy one direct vs going through my phone carrier.This is probably my 4th or 5th Apple Watch, and it just keeps getting better and better.  The new Starlight color is beautiful, a silver that leans just slightly gold. Battery life is great, I never have any problem at all making it through an entire 15-18 hour day.I love the new features! I upgraded from a series 1 and was shocked by the quality of the screen and graphics. It has held up against being knocked around, and I’ve been able to swim with it worry free.Replaced my wife’s 38 MM Series 3 with this new Series7. The face is slightly larger and she has gotten excited about exploring the newer features. One favorite is being able to leave the display in “always on” mode because the battery is so much better on the 7 vs. the 3.Great new addition to my Apple family. I love the larger face with edge-to-edge touchscreen, the ability to change font sizes, and new apps not available on my previous watch.I only upgraded from a Series 5 to the Series 7 because I did the beta update and it made my watch crash.  Word of warning!  This watch doesn’t operate much differently than the Series 5.
it had a lot of sensors for its time. We knew something better will always come along, but you can't wait forever to upgrade.The series 7 watch is great.  Very robust.  Still need an app to count steps since its not native to the apple watch but it works great.  Lots of fitness stuff and heart monitoring.  The color is excellent.  Would buy again especially since it was on sale I and it was price matched.  Cahrge it every day so battery seems good.Easy set up, fits comfortable on wrist. This was purchased as an upgrade from series 4 watch, Like the oxygen meter, and the health apps. Keeps track of my daily activity. Love that the clock stays on all the time, I dont have to move my arm to see what time it is.My wife is very pleased with her new watch. It is an upgrade from a previous model she had. Nothing was really wrong with her older one but she wanted to give it to our niece who was admiring it.The AppleWatch series 7 41 mm is a great upgrade from AppleWatch series 3, with 50% more screen area. The display is always on, and the Watch apps are great. The screen is water resistant and can be worn when swimming. The Health monitoring is great. It measures your blood oxygen level and check heart rate anytime.First Apple Watch and I love it. The rings give me motivation to keep moving which is perfect for someone trying to live a healthier life style. Yes the battery life could be better, but it’s just like charging your phone.It’s an Apple Watch!  It’s fantastic and I’m sure I’m not even using a quarter of the features on it.  Great for fitness tracking.  It’s so much better than my old Fitbit!A must-need when trying to manage a busy life like me.  Always on the go and it goes everywhere I go.Impressed by the workmanship. Fits great, not too loose or too tight. Still getting used to all that it does; but it syncs seamlessly with the iPhone. You are able to select from a variety of watch faces and have/use multiple ones by swiping right/left. And each can display different information like the weather, multiple time zones, exercise, etc.We bought this watch for my husband to help monitor his heart rate. It does so much more. We were recently on vacation and he was bending over and cleaning out the floor board. His watch asked him if he had fallen and if they needed to call 911.  This is amazing.Very attractive and easy to use.I get frequent compliments about the appearance.  Easy and clear sound when answering the phone on my wTcgyThis is a great smartwatch. Use it primarily for tracking workouts.  The native Workouts app works well and is easy to use.  Seamless integration with Health and Fitness iPhone apps.  The 41 mm is a “just right” size for me. Battery life could be better.The Apple watch Series 7 Midnight Aluminum Case is a great product from Apple in Sport Band. It has long lasting Battery almost 18 hours after full charge. This watch looks really cool and stunning on the wrist. It is best in overall compare to other previous series. I definitely recommend this particular watch.Great product but lost it 3 months after purchasing it I don’t not how bestbuy could help me I have asked apple for a replacement but I have to pay for itLove it! This is my third watch upgrade and I love how long the battery lasts.  My last one is still great and I was able to give it to one of my teenagers who is getting involved in her physical  fitness.Purchased this for my mother on her birhtday.  She loves the gift. Loves the upgrade over her previous watch.I love this Apple Watch. Bigger font, which makes it easier to see. The display screen also shows the results easier then past watchesComfortable to wear and so easy to use.  Love that I can see my steps and I am noticed right away when I have a text or call.  The vibration to let me know I have a message or text is great I don’t miss calls or texts anymore.Love my new Apple Watch. Been considering purchasing one for quite some time. Went into Best Buy for something else, and it was on display so went ahead and purchased it. I had quit wearing a watch because I had an iPhone. But I love having time available again and notifications I might need right there on my wrist without having to search for my phone in my rather large handbag!It is definitely a fantastic watch. It came Packaged like a brand-new one, you really couldn’t tell the difference. Still had all the plastics on it and the price was incomparable to anywhere else.!
I love my new iwatch. It is stylish and keeps me connected to all my apps. I also wanted to try Apple fitness which gave me a good excuse to finally buy an iwatch.I really like Apple products but never really cared for the Apple Watch. Thought it was too big. But I’ve been pleasantly surprised. This watch is great! The 41mm is not too big at all. Glad I purchased it.Apple,watch is very easy to use.  The display is vibrant .
The band is comfortable. As a 73 year old I had no problems with managing using my iPhone 13This is my very first Apple Watch and I absolutely love it. I love how it tracks all of my activities. Tells you when to get up and move aroundI really like my watch. You can customise it for your needs and preferences.
With open box option I received the product in a perfect condition.I have put off buying an Apple Watch forever because I didn't think I needed it and wouldn't be able to read it without my reading glasses, but I was wrong. The new series 7 is easy to read even without my glasses and is so helpful. It has encouraged me to be more consistently active and I have been taking advantage of the free 3 mo. of Apple Fitness + workouts. It is comfortable to wear and is handy to get messages and phone calls without having to run to the phone as long as the phone is nearby. I like the health functions and the fall monitor in case I should ever fall. I sleep with it and just charge it while I'm showering and getting ready in the morning.I replaced my fitbit watch with the Apple 7.  I do love the added features of the Apple watch and still have a lot to learn.  It was a pleasant surprise when I found out I could answer my phone on my watch.  The battery does not last as long as my fitbit did but the price to pay for the added features.Works perfect with my phone, great watch! Does everything it’s supposed to do and comfortable to wear.Loved my new watch!  It Legos me teach exercise, answer the phone at a moment, set a timer while cooking, and so much more!  Got it to be part of a science survey and so glad I did!Great watch. Some many options to use and connect with your iPhone. Love the color too.I purchased this watch for the health/heart rate alerts and it has blown me away with all the cool features it has.  From text/alarm alerts (easily silenced with a hand gesture) to the turn by turn directions available right on your wrist, this watch is one of the coolest pieces of tech I own.Purchased as gift for daughter; says battery life is great and loves itAs always excellent watch! I love it, I really recommend that blue color. The best watch for the moment.The 41mm Blue Apple Watch Series 7 was a graduation gift for my granddaughter.  This high-tech wiz loves it!  It looks great and she loves being able to install all sorts of apps on it,  Receiving text messages and phones is especially useful for her to keep. in constant touch with her friends without having to keepl her iPhone close.I was skeptical at first when my wife got her galaxy watch.  Began to do research and decided to try. You don’t realize how fast this becomes part of your every day life. Love the health features and found myself using more than I thought. Great purchase.Love all the features! The most important one is my heart rate. I can do a ECG and send it to my doctor. That is the best feature for me.I ordered this watch at least 25 days ago, for my niece for her Graduation  finally she got her and made a surprise ! She definitely likes  this watch!
It works very smoothly and also very cute design. I am glad I picked the right color, the starlight color perfectly matched her.It's a beautiful piece of technology.  I with the battery life was a little better!Slick watch but we had to return it because it wasn't comfortable on my wife's wrist.Love my apple watch!! very light weight and I sometimes don't even know I have it on. I wish the charge box was included with the cord or at least let one know that it is needed at the time of purchase.
This item needs a different/ new end for charging, not the usual applie charge end. I am in a Heartline research study for people over 60.
I got this as a gift to the mother of my child when she gave birth, and it’s better than the previous series. I’m thinking of upgrading my Series 4 and get one myself too.its very cool everyone at VA looked at me like i was a spy talking into my watch. the very biggest draw back is the battery life sucks to the pits. i like not having to take my phone out. the watch band for the med is pretty small im on the last hole and im not a big guy.Excellent watch. Perfect and so fancy. Love it and I recommend it.Apple has such great products and they just keeping out with newer technology. The Apple Watch Series 7 has much more functionality than that of my original 3 Series! I love my new watch!I love this watch!  It provides me with the information I need. The 41 mm size is perfect for me. I did end up getting the loop band as securing the sport one (included) is difficult.  My only wish is that the charger didn't require a c-style USB- I have to purchase another charging block for this.Very good product, I’m happy of having it and I advise to have itI have been very happy with my Apple Watch 7 thus far. I especially like the pedometer, recording of activity, wide choice of “faces”, and ease of synchronization with my iPhone,Great for everything. It’s has great batter life, easy comfort, easy to read for the size is perfect.Apple Watch series 7 is a really good watch.  I especially like the quick heart rate check feature.  It also tracks movement and activity.  There is also a quick way to check the outside temperature as well.  This is the best Apple watch I have owned.The watch goes well with the iPhone 14 pro. It’s a must haveSo I am a 12 to 16 mile per week runner and was coming from a vivoactive 3 and so far I have been impressed. 
Runs have tracked well although the wrist based heart rate is a little less accurate then the chest based at higher heartrates.  Hoping that Apple will come out with one or at least find a partner to make a compatible one soon.  
Another issue is running in long sleeves.  You will have to lock the screen so it does not stop the run premature. With the locked screen you lose the functionality of changing songs, etc. 
Otherwise I have been impressed with the watch and love the integration with the phone and all the other features that it offers.excellent, as promised; it does take some learning to operate properly but once learned, kit is easy to operateI wasn’t sure if I wanted a new Fitbit or this watch. I’m glad I made this choice. It has many more apps and uses than the Fitbit. It took me a bit to get used to how different apps worked but I love the watch! Paired easily with my iPhone and I love that I can take calls and texts without reaching for my phone.The apple watch has all the features I was looking for. It was mainly used to track calories but it's also useful to reading confirmation texts from various websites without having to get my phone. Very useful!The always on display & increased screen size are nice features, especially when exercising. Also helpful when you just want to see what time it is. Definitely able to tell a difference in battery life & the starlight color is pretty sweet too!I love my watch. I replaced my series 2 with this beauty. It works wonderfully. The battery life can be extended 36-48 hours depending on settings.I absolutely love this, I bought it as a gift and my mom love it. It’s so pretty and classyI really enjoy this watch. I love that it has so many of the same features that my phone does, but I can carry it around on my wrist. I am so happy with this watch!!My wife’s love’s her Apple Watch so much. This is her first Apple Watch and so far so goodGreat watch, as is usually the case with Apple products. Although I don't use all the features, it is very comfortable, easy to use, lasts all day, stylish.
This is my second iwatch. This one is very comfortable and easy to use. The battery life is better than my iwatch4. I love the way it looks and performs.So far, the watch has been amazing. I have accidentally scratched it against walls, fearing there would be a scratch on the casing, but it has been extremely durable. 
The only downside I would say is the provided band can be a little sweaty and issues with sizing correctly, but I bought a cheap one off Amazon and it works great.Couldn’t give 5 stars….The glass is still too fragile, as with all apple products, a screen protector is A MUST HAVE!! But overall the watch is awesome. Allows me to move freely wherever, without to pull out my phone for everything (calls, messages, etc.) and it does everything plus what my previous fitness tracking devices did! Very comfortable fit & light weight.purchased  for my sister overseas
Great watch
Best price i was able to get , 
Recommend it as a great giftLove the color and all the new updates it is a richer color than silver. Almost got the rose gold but glad I went with this because of the neutralityI love the 7.  Holds a charge longer (full day into evening) and it charges faster (only about 30 mins for charge) All the great functions of my apple 4 and easy transfer of my data   I’m very pleased.I recently purchased the newest Apple Watch and the features are great! I’m so glad I upgraded with the wider screen and more options for health, it was worth it!Love it ! best Apple Watch yet , I’ve had both previous models and I like this one the bestI Got this as a gift for my GF she loved it and the right size it was a big upgrade for a Fitbitexcellent, great attention to detail. love the watchGifted this to my sister in law. She loves the color. No problem so farI like it.  It can be an extension of my phone, which makes it possible for me to pick up a call even if my phone is in another room (within blue tooth range). I am most interested in health and fitness information, and I have sometimes struggle to find essential information among all the apps that I really don't need on my watch.  This can be configured, but be prepared to spend time sorting out what's useful from what isn't, and learning to navigate to what you need.  Also, battery has to be charged about every 24 hours, so there's always a period of time when your activity or inactivity is not registered, making daily records less than 100% accurate.Excellent purchase with shipping within the week!  Came undamaged!I bought this for my wife for Mother’s Day. I purchase a refurbished iwatch and It came right on time and was in great condition. I saved a good amount of money and got into the latest version and couldn’t be happier. Everything works great and was easy to link up to her phone.Enjoying it to the fullest. If you ever watched Dick Tracy you will feel like him with this watch. Lots of fun.Great design. Nice color. Would definitely recommend this item to my friends.Great buy. Arrived before time. Good price. Happy to deal with BestBuy again.Love it!  I love the look and all the features. Easy to use. Nice size on my waist. The oxygen and heart feature are a nice added touch. Battery life is much better than my older Apple Watch. I would highly recommend it.love the updates, I had a series4 and the battery life is insane! I work in warehouse and surprisingly the watch can withstand some intense hits against steel and things!Really great!  I’m surprised everyday as to what it can do!!
But there is a problem the watch is only 2 weeks old and an apple 8 has just come out!
Tia watch is a replacement for a Series 3 I had for 4 years. I didn’t think any watch could be better. I’ll wear this watch - with different bands - as long as possible. Great buy!!!Updated my old watch to this one and i am happy! It was a good purchase.I really liked the way the apple comes up with the smaller sizesHave a first generation watch that served me well.  Bought this newer version and it’s perfect for what I wanted.  Great battery life.Great product it was a normal replacement from the previous one.I love this watch! I had the generation 2, and this was a fantastic upgrade for meWe bought this since it was on sale. It's odd how they go on sale here but not at the Apple store.It took awhile to convince my wife that she would like a iWatch, even though I have owned one for 5 years. She finally agreed to one and loves it.  So many features at her fingertips.Very nice watch. Price was great. Light, easy to use many features. Total tech includes apple care. Can't be beat. Highly recommendTHis is something that is a necessity in my life-- I did not have an Apple watch when they first came out but 4 years ago I had my first one and now I upgraded.  Love this watchNice and helpful at my work to perform many silence messages.Bought this for my wife. She didn’t want it at first but now she loves it. It’s fun to wear and looks great.Series 7 (GPS) is the best ever version of the of the Apple Watch. It does everything only better than previous versions. Very pleased with my purchase.Got it as a gift and love the different functionalities.  Helpful to answer phone calls right away.Awesome gadget to track calorie burn when working out, and it’s a good tool to help motivate you to workout! It’s my favorite color too, green!Great product. Like the water tight function. However it makes you feel uncomfortable when you must lock the watch vs wonder what water resistant really means. Annoying! 
Like all the faces and optional wristbands.Birthday present for a special person. I think she likes it.Worth the wait for buying this upgrade after few years. Good price and worthwhile new features for your health needs, and nice connectivity with the iPhone eco systemLove this watch! The battery life is impressive! I went from a series 3 to this 7 and i love that it track O2 levels. My only complaint is that the website makes starlight have a pink hue and when I got it , it is more gray than pinkMy grandma loves the watch, she is happy she can be like James Bond now lol
I have had an Apple Watch since the watch was first introduced.  The watch is a great time piece capable of a variety of functions.  Interacts and compliments your iPhone . I would not be without one.Best watch ever! I wish it would work with Android phones.Setup and connecting to iPhone was a breeze. It was to small for my wrist but was perfect for my daughter. Tracking her sleep and heart rate are essential for her.This is one of the best investments I have purchased.  It’s something I use everyday and never leave home withoutI upgraded to a Series 7 and am even happier with my 7 than I was with my 4.  I prefer the new starlight finish over the rose pink I had and like the fact that I don't have to charge it every night.  The only thing I don't like is the silicone strap that comes with it but I have purchased a number of leather and magnetic bands and change them frequently.Phenomenal watch to monitor your health and fitness.  The only negative is the watch has to be charged once per day.Very useful to track fitness and stay on top of notifications. Busy people will find value in itGood quality watch. Easy to use. Durable. Fits comfortable on wrist.Great watch. Love the updates. Does everything I need and more.I love the green color and the price even more.
Best Buy is where to go for the best price and quality.My daughter loves it! She uses the watch everyday and she has a lot of features showing me in her phone.The watch was supposed to be a birthday gift, but after recieving my 1st order with missing pieces, i didnt get a replacement till almost 3 weeks after. 
Luckily that watch met all the expectations.It works well! No issues, the screen is a nice size and the fact that the whole screen is being used is great. I had the Apple Watch Series 4 in 44mm and I lost it so o thought having 41 will weird and small but it doesn’t at all. Definitely durable and not bulky. I wear it everyday, everywhere and I love the fact that I can track my workouts, time and weather. It’s so much you can do with it. Definitely would recommend to anyone. I can’t say the battery life is great I have to charge it everyday or sometimes twice a day,Watch works great. Glad I was able to get it on sale before ChristmasVery nice watch bought for wife for her birthday as a upgraded on from the series 3 she is very pleasedThis is my second Apple Watch and I’m very happy with it. The main difference is I got the 41 and the first one was a 38. I also like that the screen is always lit, not only when I raise my arm.I love my apple watch. It’s just perfect for what i need it to do. Everything is so seamless, and it looks amazing too. Would reccomend.This is an excellent Watch. I love the products of Apple and the smart Watch is incredible.So the Apple Watch has been a great purchase and has been great help for time.It meets all of my expectations. It keeps track of my physical activities as I expected.
The watch is great! It was exactly what I was looking for! It was the great service and explanation in the store of what I was purchasing that allowed me to enjoy the watch even more!Purchased for my wife she wears it everyday. Great valueGot this series 7 on sale and I was upgrading from a series 3. Great upgrade and it is fast and keeps up with the updatesWhat can I say its an Apple product- top quality. The Biometric sensors work brilliantly every time. My only gripe is it is a little small for my under 50 eyes but you can set the text size but then you have to scroll to read. I should have gone with the bigger version but that is not a deal breaker. if you turn off the always on feature the battery will last a long time. I don't know how long it lasts with the always on, on as I turned it off right away.One of the best watches ive purchased for my GIRLFRIEND i will get another oneI love my watch! I’ve only had it for about a month to a month and a half but I find myself looking for it first thing in the morning and sometimes forgetting to take it off at night. I love that it counts my steps & I don’t have to worry about carrying my phone around to get them all. I love that you can set your own goals ‘ see how you do day after day to adjust them.Coming from a 3 to the 7 is a really nice its very responsive and has a bigger dysplay but isnt too bit as I got the smaller version. You CAN'T tell it's green at all when wearing it besides the band if that matters.This is my first smartwatch. Finally decided to get one mainly to monitor my heart health. I have never been much of a physically active person, but the Apple Watch with its app and tracker has made me stand, walk and jog !! The keyboard and screen is much more comfortable than expected. Now that I got used to turning my wrist to check on the incoming, call, sms and other alerts without taking the phone out of my pocket while in meetings or church, I wonder how I survived without a watch. The voice command readiness with just raising my hand is also very convenientVerizon guy talked me into it vs another FitBit because I have an iPhone. It really does have an incredible amount of features; however, there are 2 things I don’t like. 1. The sport watchband fell off my wrist 3 times. Luckily someone asked me if I had an Apple Watch and if so, it was in the bathroom. The other 2 times were in my car. So I purchased another brand for a new band with a clasp that has never let it fall off, it’s pink, and it looks better than the original. 2. It doesn’t come with a block.My previous watch was a Fitbit Versa before I changed to an Apple Watch. The main reason I switched was to be able to perform more functions with my watch such as responding to text which I love. I will say that if you are planning to use the watch strictly for fitness then you will want to choose a watch face that displays all that information for you rather than having to open the fitness app and scrolling through all the info. Battery last a 1-2 days based on how much you are using the watch, but recharges very quickly.Great watch for tracking fitness and easy access to just about any app you have on your phone.  The display is beautiful and slightly larger than the version 6 model.This is my second Apple watch....I let my mother have my first watch....I love all the things it's able to do...I would recommend  this watch ⌚️ to everyoneThe Apple Watch 7 we bought at Best Buy is so very helpful for all it’s purpose. The Best Buy staff was very friendly too.Amazing buy. My dad loved it. That Color is so right on his hand 
YepLove it! Battery last all day and more. Great size. Super durable. Glass is very scratch resistant.The open box item was in excellent condition. The new apple watch 41mm display seems bugger than the older 38mm display. Happy with the purchase.It does exactly what I need it to do, being single sided deaf I love the vibration to let me know I have a notificationGot it for my wife and she live it very helpful for exercisingI gave this to my mom; she love it. Great watch to track ECG and Blood oxygen and alert loved ones in real time.I switched from a FitBit watch this Apple Watch and although it has been an adjustment, I’m glad I have made the switch. 
I use this primarily for fitness and it does a good job of keeping track of my stats and works well with my phone. I haven’t had any problems with it syncing and doing what it needs to do. The battery life could be better. I can’t track my sleep or anything because the watch wouldn’t last a full day. I’m use to my FitBit staying charged for up to 3 days even after tracking my stats and my sleep.
It’s my daily watch. Helps me keep track of my phone messages at a quick glance without disrupting work. Used it once or twice for exercise but I prefer my Garmin watch for activities. Not the best battery but it gets plenty of charge while I wear other watches. Favorite feature is controlling things on my phone via watch so I don’t have to always pull my phone out.love my apple watch series 7 - had a series 3 and what a great update.   The recharging just takes minutes plus great other featuresThis birthday gift did what it was intended to do... surprise hubby. With smiles ans glints of joy in his eyes he is perpetually thankful for a gift with the guarantees from Apple and Best Buy and quality known in the industry. So far so good!!!This is just what I needed to get me motivated to walk and exercise. It even suggests I should stand if I have been sitting too long. I can’t believe I am ‘controlled ‘ by a watch. Willingly of course!Would recommend very good watch if you have the money get the newer oneLove this Apple Watch; easy to use, great screen display, endless features, easy sync with iPhoneI’ve had a fit bit for years so I was hesitant to get an Apple Watch. I’m so glad I did!! I love my Apple Watch. I don’t know why it doesn’t always alert me if messages but I’m also still trying to figure it out. I would defInitely purchase againSolid upgrade from my series 3, crazy how the size of the screen is so different.I like this watch, this is the 3rd update I have purchased. I attend Aqua Aerobics often and this watch works well,It hasn’t failed me yet! Super fast shipping! I switched out the band so I can’t speak on that but I love this one! Perfect upgradeA birthday gift for my mom. She enjoyed it so much, she wears it everyday.my wife its very proud of using this apple watch 7.  it works perfectly , having no problems, easy to manage.  she love it.
at Best Buy, good customer service, had no problem. *****Amazing quality & fantastic value for money. Would definitely recommend.I love my new Apple Watch I like all the new health featuresI had my last watch for three years.  This was a great upgrade - I appreciate the larger screen.arrived quickly.  functions as described. Customer service was very helpful in placing my order.Very good watch! GPS is extremely precise. A must haveAfter owning the Apple Watch SE for the last year, I decided to upgrade to the 7, it is a good bump from the SE with a slightly larger display on top of the Blood oxygen sensor and ECG function. Also the green is dopePurchased for my wife. She likes it. I have the same series and I am not thrilled. One of my main reasons for buying was for sleep tracking. It does a poor job of that. Granted that has a lot to do with the app, but I have tried several and have not been happy with any.Beautiful watch and the improvements from the series 3 are awesome! It’s amazing how every open box deal I’ve purchased from Best Buy has always been just like new with a huge discount from the new price.
Got this for my girlfriend who has a medical condition that could cause a fall.  This Apple Watch has a fall detection function.  If she does fall it will notify me and emergency services.  It could save her life. Thank you Apple!I have always been an Apple product person so of course when it was time for an upgrade on my watch I went with another Apple product! It is fantastic!It is an Apple Watch—-so there you go. Once you have one you will not buy anything else. (From old blackberry person)Apple watch series 7 watch. Sleek and nice color. uThis is a great watch. Charges very quickly through the USB C. The green is not a bright green, it is a very nice color for this watch. Super happy with this as it holds a charge for a long while!What an amazing Apple Watch! It is sleek and works amazingly!Love my watch and how it connects to my phone. I love that I can see my messages and cancel alarms from my watch. It has so many features that I love.Great watch and works as advertised. Easy to use and setup. Battery life is good and the screen is clear and bright.Bought this for my wife for her birthday and absolutely loves it!  Watch has all the features she wanted and very stylish to boot!  Would definitely recommend!As expected, this Apple Watch, which replaced an earlier version of same, is simply an amazing device that is complex but yet fairly easy to master. For the price, it simply cannot be bettered currently and it’s sleek and attractive to boot.Works well.  Wish battery life was better.  Overall, watch is comfortable to wear and functions as expected.I love my new watch!  I bought my watch with the promise to myself that I would use the fitness features with the reminders, and I am doing it (mostly)!  I struggle a bit with figuring out how it all works, but I will get there.I’m loving my new Apple Watch Series 7. Originally I’d planned on getting the SE as it is less expensive. But, as it turned out, Best Buy price matches so I got a great deal on this one!!
I love all of the features it has and  how easy they are to use.Continues to improve upon proven technology from Apple. Pairs quickly with apple device Great purchase from reputable reseller.I bought this to replace a series 2 Apple Watch, obviously there are many useful features in this one! I was not able to mix and match the strap because Best Buy sells it boxed. Nevertheless, I am happy with the purchase!Great watch, new faces and improved features are awesome. I went with a smaller one this time and glad i did. Battery life is good, fast charger makes it really easy to juice up in case you are running out.If you have a Apple phone this is a must have, my wife loved the colorI honestly like my iPhone watch. It does so much more then I even realized. I am sure to get good use out of it. The only thing was I was surprised that it didn’t come with the outlet plug with the chargerI purchased this Watch as a health monitor. I have a few friends  that were give health warnings from their Apple Watch . I discussed it with my doctor before making the purchase and I am very pleased with it over allBought this for my daughter. She loves it. Battery life seems to be good. Screen is gorgeous.
I really love my Apple watch and worked with a really great salesman to make my decision.  Also I am a total tech member and they helped me set it up which was wonderful!!The Apple Watch series 7 41mm is a major improvement over series 4-6 40mm, especially as regards the screen size—nearly 20% greater. I decided to trade in my series 4 44mm model in order to take advantage of the latest Apple Watch features.  But I was concerned about choosing the 41mm model since I had appreciated the 44mm screen size.  However, the 41mm screen is only about 7% smaller than my series 4 so the difference is not significant. The smaller diameter of my Apple Watch is better suited to my wrist size and is more comfortable.Love this watch.  Has a lot of great features that I use daily.  Excellent battery and charges quickly.This is my first Apple Watch I upgraded to this device after my FitBit Versa 2 stopped. I'm happy with it so far. I ordered the smaller version but probably would have liked the larger one better.
The only critical word I have for this is that the battery life is not very long at all. It probably lasts a third as long as my FitBit did....but it also DOES a lot more. Just be prepared to charge it every day.Got this watch on sale and with a gift card. Was replacing my old watch and I could not be more happier with my purchaseGot this watch for one of my Employees who loves Apple Products. 
He Says it awesome! He might be biased though. 
I cant use it since I am one of those weird android users. If i could i am sure i would like it. I am sure they would like it if i used to. 
After getting my fingerprint and facial scan they can now have my heart beet sleep cycles and other body habits. Maybe they will make a iME but wait for 2nd gen which will have the camera and Headphone jack. 
Okay Tinfoil Hat is coming off and super cereal great watch and great quality.Bought it for my daughter for graduation.  She really likes it and has quickly figured out most of its functions.  A lot of her apps seemed to have automatically downloaded from her Iphone. Purchased the smaller version which seems to fit better as she has a small wrist.Wife loves it the heart rate monitor can save your lifeBeautiful! Great but I am used to a five day battery life. This just does not match Fitbit.It’s an awesome watch! I love the bigger screen and the many options to use as faces for the watch! Works greatI like it. It links with my iPhone seamlessly and is great smartwatch. I had Fitbit before. I miss some of the features like automatic sleep detection from my Fitbit, but overall I like my Apple Watch. Battery could be better.Love it. The 41mm size is great and goes nice with a leather band. Save the money on the series 8 and stick with the 7Bought for my cousin to monitor health conditions so she can report to her doctor who requests the information. Staff at Flagship store in Richfield treated her like a queen and were so helpful getting the watch set up. She has peace of mind and can communicate effectively with her doctor.Got this for my son for Christmas and I don't think he has taken it off. I have an older gen and I love mine, and my son is constantly showing me stuff it can do that I had no idea about. Great product. Beautifully constructed and durable. His new watch has such a better screen and his battery life is incredible compared to my older one.This is an excellent Apple Watch. I love the Series 7. I couldn't decide between 41mm or 45mm. I'm happy with the size and weight of the 41mm, though, and don't miss the slightly larger display. Works flawlessly and has been much more useful than I imagined.Fantastic motivation to keep track of your health. I love the different apps you can install and customizations you can do to the device. The fall detection and important health notifications may give some peace of mind to people with any health conditions in my opinion.This watch is the best value yet. The cardio features and the text and answer phone feature is amazingI actually bought it for my daughter's birthday and she live it. The fact that it charges fast, battery life last and the different apps that are available to use mske it a great watch to have. I would highly recommend this product.Since purchasing this I have started regularly tracking my steps and fitness. I’m very satisfied with my watch and it’s convenience.Good, love it, working well, it fits well. Color size and everything
My wife loves the watch and the health benefits it provides.I was really unsure about this; but it is a workaround to essentially solving my problem. I’m shocked I actually like itOverall I like the look of this watch compaired to my FitBit.  Getting to know how everything operates has taken some time to get used to.  I am still trying to figure out how to use the messaging app.I bought one of the original apple watches when they were first available and it finally died on me.  This watch does so much more.It is amazing and very helpful to carry around. I would totally buy again or upgrade un the futureMy wife purchased this watch to upgrade from her Apple Watch 3.  She is very happy with the new features and ability to update that was becoming impossible on her 3.Fantastic watch and love the color.  Was on sale and definitely worth it.  Wife loves it and perfect size of her.  Got the last one at local BB.My husband has wanted and researched the watch for months!  We found BB was having a sale so took the plunge and got it!  He uses it daily with his job!!!!Perfect for my dad which is who I bought it for.  It gave me peace of mind for him as he is 82 if he falls or something and it can notify emergency services.  He also uses it for the ECG feature.Great for the gym and tracking daily steps, also nice to use with the fitness appThis is a great upgrade from my Apple Watch Series 3. I liked the idea of a larger screen, but with relatively small wrists I was concerned it may look too big. Turns out it looks pretty similar to the 3. Not surprisingly, everything works well on it for tracking fitness and overall it has pretty quick response rates. Also, the fact it can fast charge in about 45 minutes lets me where it to bed to track sleep and get it charged up in the morning before work. I'm very glad I upgraded!As long as you have an iPhone and happy with Apple ecosystem, this watch works and complement the iPhone very well.
Bestbuy service needs to be better though. It took 3 weeks for the item to arrive. I know each reps I talked to tried their best to resolve the issue, but bestbuy supply chain process is just horrible.Have not wore a watch in 17 years. No reason since Cell phones. But this Apple watch is a must have component for iPhone users.Use everyday and love to see how I do from day to day with my exercise and I like not having to have my phone on my all the timePurchased for my wife. She had a Fitbit but this is exactly what she wanted. Excellent features and easy to navigate.Looks good and is a great price. Works great as wellAwesome wow good nice,............................Great watch, my wife finds it much more usable and useful than her last smart watch.Had a series 5 large version. Bought this smaller version series 7 and love the size and color. This blue is beautiful.Much better all the way around. Brighter display and better battery life. Happy with my purchase.
Upgraded from a series 2 to a series 7 and it's been great! Battery life is awesome and everything is much zippier.Bought this for my daughter and absolutely loves it. Much longer lasting battery than my old one she was using. Very handy for her to get messages and reminders throughout the day.This is everything I wanted. So many options for the clock face, everything at my fingertips!Love the always on feature and of course the fitness tracking.  Holds me accountable when I’m slacking or want to take a day off.It is great!! I love the new features added!!!!!!!Watch is great. Have been training for a half marathon and it tracks my distance perfectlyI enjoy my Apple Watch it provides me with many useful options and my only negative is a high price.The Apple Watch is ahead of the competition by a long shot, not by value, but features and ease of use.The watch is easy to use and was easy to buy online. It all was a good experience.Love my new watch. Works great. Love the features.Everything you expect from an Apple product. Only negative is that the switched the usb plug to usb-c plug. If I would have known, I could have bought the brick while at Best Buy. I had to make a second trip to charge it.Fast watch, great upgrade from Series 4 or older
Pros:
Always on display brighter
bigger display
keyboard now a part of messaging
Way faster charging
Cons:
Battery still roughly the same. Needs to double battery life
No new tech added to this iteration
This has come in clutch as of recent with oxygen readings and heart monitoring. Great to know that something is pushing you to stay active and have actual measurables to provide to healthcare if need be. Overall great watch, just needs longer battery life. However, fast charging does help offset somewhat.This was a gift to my wife.  Great and luvs it.  She enjoys the apps and physical and health usage of the phone.Upgraded from a Apple Watch 3. Love the upgrade.  The new features are great.Bought it open box “excellent” condition. The charging cord was messy but that’s it. Everything else brand new.The wife broke her series 2 watch and needed another. Hoping this one is true to claims and the crown is harder.Gift for my Granddaughter.  She loves gathering color and the functions of the apps. I wanted to trade for my Series 6 but she wasn’t having it!The  watch 7 is perfect. As with all  products it excels in what it provides. Very good for tracking your Health metrics and syncs perfectly with  Fitness. A cool feature is you can take camera pictures on your iPhone with 3 second timer on  watch camera app.Got this as a replacement for the Hubby's Apple watch 3 and he loves it, he say's it the best, great battery and features.Great watch! The color is really suits on my hand. Must buy if you really need alrounder watch with you. So far its performing well.
This is really cool Apple Watch. Eventhough it was open box I got it in mint condition had warranty till 2023 leftI haven’t  wore a watch in 5 years … being retired knowing the time isn’t that pressing for me.  However, it’s everything else the watch does is so handy i.e,  controlling the music that is playing, tracking sleep quality, using SIRI, finding my phone, using walk-in talkie, remote photo taking, checking my stock portfolio, checking weather forecast and especially using Apple Pay.   The touch screen is responsive and readable.  The battery life is just ok and should be much longer.Good product, it is an Apple watch, what more can you say. Good customer service as well.Great looks and amazing features. The screen is bright and clear and easy to see in all lighting conditions, Also the screen size is good enough to read messages. Love it.i like this iWatch. although i had a hard time to charge it at first but overall this watch is perfectStill being a great product!
Compatible with all Apple products, very easy to setup. 
They always deliverPersonally, I have nothing against Apple products but I am not an Apple guy... Bought it for my 30-year-old daughter and she loves it... So that makes me happy!!!41mm sounds small. But with round edge viewable screen, the watch is actually bigger than a 43mm older model. Great job Apple. The actual water resistance might decay over time..only time will tell. We will see 3 years later..or I’d better trade it in for a newer model otherwise would have another green screen watch. Why my 10yr old g shock never gets any water inside, but my 3-yr old Apple Watch got water damage when I just washed my hands? BTW an edge already has minor scratches after I washed dishes in my stainless sink :(Excellent device, same as watch 8, but less money.Does everything I want it to do.   I love how I can keep track of my fitness.Love the watch and all it does.   I can receive calls, texts and emails.    Can check my heart rate, heart rhythm, etc.Expected typical seamless Apple purchase. No issues with product or service.Great watch. The color is spot on. Looks better in person. My gf loved it and good thing about this series is that it comes with a touch keyboard. Makes texting easier on the go. Recommend this to anyone.The watch works great, design and color is as described.I have always loved my apple watches and this one is just that much better. The apps and the benefits that come with this pay for itself in just a few months. The fact that it links right to my health app makes my life easy. The battery life lasts all day with the on all the time screen.Awesome. Best in Class. I will surely recommend this to potential customersLove this watch.  I use it for workouts.  I have many watches and wear those the other times.Nothing like the Apple Watch I recommend the Apple Watch to everyone young and oldGreat buy. Keeps track of my health and physical activity. Keeps perfect time and o2 and heart rates are very accurate compared to my Garmen Watch.Even more useful than I thought it would be. If you have an iPhone, this is the smart watch for you.
Best watch yet. Apple never fails at the products they create.I purchased the Apple Watch 7 though it is not much different than the Series 6. It's a quality product well made and sturdyLove this after having a FitBit Versa for many years. Lots more functions so worth the price. Very disappointed and why I gave 4 stars that a plug for charger was not included. Cheap on Apple’s part. I would not be irritated if the price was even a few dollars more but I got the extra charger plug. Now I have to buy one as I use the other for my IPad. Need to watch a YouTube so I can take full advantage of the functions.Does what it says it does. It’s light weight compared to watches I usually wear. I have very skinny wrist still haven’t figured out best fit. Otherwise it’s ok.Bought this for my son to wear at work. He has loved it.Great watch. I originally purchased for my 11 year old thinking she could use it without being connected to my phone. In order to do this we have to purchase a cellular plan. That's the only con. Luckily she will be getting a cell phone for Christmas.bought these for the kids so they wouldn't need to check their phones while making rounds and such (they're both in the medical fields); they can see their calls and texts is a less disruptive fashion to their work
only issue is that these didn't come with the wall plug, just the cable - and it's not the same plug as they have on their iPhones, so they had to use my Samsung plug to initially charge the watches until they could buy a plug... so buy the plug when you get the watchThis watch is awesome and convenient. I don’t have to pull my phone out to check something or even answer a text or phone call. I can use Apple pay too. It’s like having your wallet on your wrist.The product came just as expected and is working great.A great watch that synchs with your Apple products and provides you with great resources to make your life betterI love my Apple Watch.  I have thought of buying one for several years and can't imagine why I waited so long.  I'm 78 years old and sometimes need motivation to exercise.  I love days when I close all the rings.  I definitely recommend!Great for what I needed,  would recommend to othersBought this for my wife as a Christmas gift. She absolutely loves it since she works in the medical field and isn’t able to check her phone, this watch comes in very handy to quickly check texts. Nice look and quality too!Great watch. Havent had an apple watch since the series 1.  Hopefully the 7 doesnt have the problem with the battery swell to make the face pop up.  ECG works spot on ( I have Afib), it detects it.  
Cons: battery life - but thats just the apple watch, they all have that problem.  Must charge every night, cant wear all day and sleep in it, then continue to wear next day without charging. I put it on at 6 am, take off around 8-9pm and at 38%.  Still a good watch, just dont expect 2-3 days without charging.Overall happy with purchase. Battery life is not long but only 18 hours. Best Buy delivery was promptNice watch, just need to be mindful of charging everyday as a full charge is just enough for 24 hours.Apple Watch series 7. It is a great product. So many features it would be crazy to try and list them all. Overall very pleased with this purchase. It replaced a Samsung watch. Apple Watch is  a huge advancement. Great productI love my Apple 7 watch, I would recommend it to everyone! Just make sure you have the correct USB adapter to charge it!My wife had an Apple Watch Series 4 and it was about to bite it. My anniversary was coming up, so I upgraded it for her as an anniversary present and she absolutely loves it.Love the watch, it works great and I have never had a problem with it.
Love my new watch! I got an open-package deal which helped lower the cost a little bit and there was absolutely nothing wrong with the watch — just like new. It’s great for tracking daily exercise which is mainly what I wanted it for… closing my rings helps me stay motivated. I don’t remember the salesperson’s name but he was very helpful & friendly!Upgraded from series 6 gps 40 mm!!! Apple is the best of the best, I wouldn’t buy anything else!!! A quality product from Apple !!!Much clearer screen than the Apple Watch 1 I had before.Love the watch. Has everything I was looking for.  Like being able to answer phone on it.Absolutely love my watch it’s been so useful for work and also track what I’m doing dailyExcellent connectivity and tracks my workouts very well.  This is a replacement to my old Apple Watch; connecting my iPhone is seamless. A quick glance at all My notifications and don’t need my phone with me all the time.Gave it as a gift and she loves it very big screen!Birthday gift for my wife.  She loves it.  So handy.   I don’t know anyone that has lost their phone as much as her.   Thanks to Apple Watch, never an issue again.  She also loves the fitness tracker.Great product; ended up returning for the Nike sport versionThe Apple Watch is a great product.  It helps keep you active and up to date for exercises.
I had difficulties keeping the watch on with the original band.  I bought a more standard band for the watch and had no issues since.I bought this watch to help me track my fitness routine and my health stats. So far, it is working the way I want it to work. No regrets.Great functionality combined with low profile that fits even a small wrist. Love having easy access to apple apps .  However, Fitbit maintains its edge in being a better fitness tracker.  You can't just look down and see your steps on the iwatch.  They are tracked but require you to push the crown, push an icon, then scroll down.  Not an easy glance when you're exercising. The Fitbit Sleep tracker offers much more information than the Apple. Also, since the battery needs charging basically every day you are usually doing this at night, not able to wear it to track your sleep. So, it's a great smartwatch.  However, Fitbit may be the better choice for those primarily using their watch for fitness.Great so far. My wife will open it up on the 17-Sep-22. After that I will tell you moreThis Apple Watch is a best choice and looks amazing.Watch work great  I would say yes to buying it again it was on sale so it was a win win for me.A++ watch.  Does everything I need it to do. Fun to wearEasy to operate and great looking as well. The upgrade was well waiting for.The watch itself is easy to use and convenient but I’m not sure the price reflects the difference between this one and the earlier models. There are some newer cool features but I don’t think it’s entirely worth it. If you want a watch to do the basics, stick with the older versions.Love this watch! I brought this one back though because the face was a little more small then I thought and I wanted the bigger face for just a few more dollars difference. They swapped it out for the bigger face and I love it even more!!I love my watch. It is exactly what I needed. I wear it everyday.
You get a larger display size even with the 41mm in fact that what I recommend if you don’t have very large wrist size bc you get a larger display with 41mm without the watch looking stupidly too big. Charges faster than the previous models and has a little longer battery life.This iWatch 7 , is an amazing watch. I really don’t find it any different from the previous 2 series down. Tbh, you can do well with just the iWatch 5 series, they all still have the same features.Got this watch for my wife as a birthday present, and she is loving it. Great for reminders and notifications and substitute for the constant scrolling on a phone.Great watch, not as easy to use as I would like, could be more inactive.Got this watch for replace mu wife’s series 1 and she loves it! So much fast and more reliable!Went out of my comfort zone to buy the watch and I am glad I did. It’s a fun watch and a lot of features.Awesome watch!  Super fast pick up at curbside at store!  Love buying from Best Buy!Love this watch! Charges quick, easier to read and very durable!Best investment that I have made in awhile very glad that I did.Works great. Charges faster than the I watch 6 version. Battery seems to last longer to.Very nice and love it. Battery life could be longer but overall, is great!I bought this product from best buy and the only problem I faced initially was the green snake of death which was resolved by the apple service center. But so far the experience is good.I’ve had apple products for a several years and just could never pull the trigger on adding a watch to the collection. I finally did with  the release of Apple Watch 7 and thus far I’m very pleased. I went with the GPS option since my phone will be with me most times. It’s very convenient to respond to alerts and and texts. I really Nike fitness tracking and reminders to keep active. 
A fear I had was just how sporty it may appear, but with the options to change up the bands it can totally transform the look. 
There are some new bells and whistles with the 7 version which I decided was worth it. However, I think the SE version would be quite adequate for most. 
The battery does run down faster than I had expected. I typically start the day with close to 100%  and 9-10 hours later I’ve got about 40% or less. With that said it charges amazingly fast.Bought as a birthday present for my wife. We’ve had the Apple Watch since year one and it was time to upgrade. She loves the always on face and new additions added since the first one.We replaced an Apple Watch 4 and my wife couldn’t be happier. She uses the sp02 monitor as well as the EKG functions and tracks all of her exercise. Easy to setup and use.  The screen is a little bigger, but not too big for her wrist.  Still trying to get her to use the quick charge functionality to see if she can track her sleep as the battery life still is disappointing compared to my Fitbit Versa 2 and other smart watches.great watch, I thought it was a nice upgrade from the predecessorsHad technical problems with Apple Watch 6.  I traded up for the Apple Watch 7. So far so goodFor the price worthy at all, more than expecting, I’m very happy with itSeries 7 watch is good watch. Got the upen box for good price.Nice watch, I had an older one but liked the new features that the newer ones had.
This is a great watch at a great price.  I was able to do all of my research online and pick up this watch with no hassle. On top of that, it is a phenomenal watch with a ton of features.Great deal on this slightly used watch. Have been using the Apple Watch for months and it works great.Good watch. Price is ok. Watch features are good. Good qualityThis was a huge improvement over the earlier generations and I'm pleasantly surprised.Device works very well. I like how seamlessly it goes into exercise mode and the ongoing display during runs.Excellent Watch based on my moms comments. It was a gift and she loves it.I am loving this watch! Helps me keep motivated, answer calls, and keep in touch!I was due for a new watch! I had series 2 before this so it was a big upgrade for me. Love the screen!sleek and beautiful. Goes with all occasions from sporting events to happy hoursI upgraded from apple watch from a SE to a 7 and so far I am very happy with my purchase. The only thing I notice is that the battery does not last as my other apple watch.I love it. I help me for warn me if I'm okay by emotional and anxiety.Color looks similar to the graphite gray from previous model. Love the technology it has and all the new features. Great upgrade from previous model and looks very slick.This was a gift, but a major improvement over the series 3 with a larger screen, more sensors, and improved battery. Great buy <$310 for 41mm. Blue color was a nice plus.I love this Apple Watch! Perfect for the hospital setting, and even for emergency purposes with limited resources. It does it all!Luv my new iWatch. So many new features. Can’t imagine not having it.I love my new smartwatch. I upgraded from a Fitbit and this offers so much more.Excellent Apple support at the store. Nice feature being able to upgrade from SEOnly bought the Apple Watch for all of the health tracking abilities. Bet fell
In love with it for all the other things it can do, didn’t know what I was missing!I can't see myself going without this device anymore. I absolutely love the functionality of it for all my work outs and runs. It works seamlessly, it lasts more than a full day and is so easy to read. I love how it looks as well. There is just something to how well apple makes all of their products work together and this is an excellent addition.
Since I'm big on running I love having a device that shows my pace, distance and easily lets me play music while running. It has been such a better experience than when I used to use my Garmin Fenix.Love the new color, also great features! I chose the 41 mm because I have smaller wrists. I think it’s a great fit, not too small or too big and live that screen size
It’s a nice upgrade from the Series 6 but not too far from what makes it a great additionI had the first version and used it for nearly 5 years. The battery wouldn't last so I decided to upgrade. The screen is bigger, brighter and the batter lasts a day. The sleep tracker can monitor your oxygen levels and has better sensors. I am happy with it.Beautiful watch with vibrant and large screen. Big improvement over the series 3.Bought this watch as a gift for my wife and it was an upgrade from the one she had.  She absolutely loves it!This is a great watch, its very lightweight yet functional. It helps if you have apple products since this stream lines a ton of information between devices. I use the health app for running and overall health metrics.Great watch. never before I had a watch that provide more than the time of day. This is a wonderful surprise to me when I can ask Siri a question, make phone call, give direction. provide a timer etc.etc. very satisfied with thoi sproductThis watch is Awesome, I love the health app, I love the fitness trackerI had been rocking a "version 2" Apple Watch 1 for years and, while it still worked, was really showing its age. I opted to get the latest-greatest this time with the Apple Watch Series 7 and I'm very happy I did. Much improved screen size even in its smaller 41mm format and greatly expanded health sensors, especially for heart monitoring. I expect I won't need to upgrade to another Apple Watch for several more years!Awesome product to use and very easy to install. will recommend thisGreat watch! Love the larger face and the health features!Bought as a late Christmas present. Best Buy delivered to my door quickly. Having fun comparing workouts and health data. Plenty of available watch-faces and after-market bands that are easy to swap. Battery is the biggest shortcoming of the Apple Watch but it does co many things...so. Comes with magnetic charging cable but no power source. The cable was USB-C and had to make a separate purchase of 20Watt Apple charger.It seemed awesome but unfortunately I’m probably the only person that didn’t know it can’t be used without a IPhone. It won’t even work with a IPad. I did research that says it will work with Android phones bit it does NOT.This Watch is essential, ez to read, & manage.
I love it!!I got it green for my wife who absolutely loves it. The smaller dial is perfect for her.Amazing I have te generation 3 and change it to the new version and works bestDefinitely a nice upgrade from my Apple Watch 2. Love the newer features and screen sizeGreat apple watch, its very fast and the battery its greatThis is my second Apple Watch. I previously had a Series 3. I love the new updates on the 7. And I actually like the 41mm size screen believe it or not.Great Upgrade for me, I like the latest features.  The blood oxygen and ecg work great.Love it.. Very reliable to know how much steps you walk daily.. No need to carry mobile tone.. can change the sport band..  a lot of selection of color sport band to match with your clothing.;. Love it..
Love my apple watch. Just wish the battery would last longer than a day.I LOVE IT. AND THE NEW UPDATE IS just AWESOME. ITS SO COMFORTABLE TOO.Love my new apple watch!!! I used to have the rose pink one but it broke this fits great also !! all I had to do was change the band to pink !The differences between this watch and the previous models are not many, things as they are: In the Series 7 we have a 20% more screen, the charge is fast (we have the usual charger, but this time it is USB-C that only the Series 7 charges fast, the rest do not), Apple says that it is more resistant to falls and shocks, something that I have not verified and cannot guarantee, the truthI upgraded from 3. I love the size and tracking my steps. Worth it!I upgraded from I watch 3 to 7 and it has a bigger screen a better user interface all new watch faces and on top of it oxymeter and health app is very helpful for managing and monitoring our health and vital signs overall a great purchaseWife had a second Gen watch and I upgraded her so she had the oxygen and Fall sensor.  She loves using the new watch now. And the old band she loved also fit on the new watch.Apple products always amazes me as they one the best quality. I am an Apple product person and I would always stick to Apple products.Good looking, lots of features (some of which users don't even care for), holds charge for ~48 h. Easy to set up, especially one has used earlier versions.Got this and love it!!!  I wear it all the time and use it for so many things.I love my watch. Only problem was that they don't really make watch bands to fit. I ended up buying one from Etsy because none of the others fit the slot properly, and I can't stand the sport bands. They are too hot for me.Love it ! The activity  app helps me reach my fitness goals and compete with my friends. Also can answer phone calls on the watch.Good it as a gift for my wifes college graduation
And she loves itI LOVE MY NEW APPLE WATCH. I CAN'T COMPARE TO ANYTHING BESIDES THE FITBIT BLAZE BECAUSE THAT'S THE ONLY THING I HAVE HAD THAT KINDA COMPARES. MY NEW APPLE WATCH IS AWESOME I LOVE HOW YOU CAN TEXT ON TALK ON IT WITHOUT YOUR PHONE. ONLY REGRET IS THAT I SHOULD OF GOTTEN THE ONE WITH A BIGGER SCREEN. ALTHOUGH,  I AM STILL VERY PLEASEDI love it! Everything is general is awesome, there are some apps that can’t be downloaded for the watch like the Chase bank, but other wise I love this watch, I wished they had it in ALL Black, but this color is good.Awesome watch!!! I will recommend this watch to anybody.Fits great, the 45mm was too big for my wrist. Sharp, bright and responsive screen. I like how easy it is to switch bands, just press a tiny button and they come out. My only negative besides the steep price is the battery life...1 to 2 days is a real inconvenience.Very good. I would buy it again.  The only thing that should improve their prices or put good specials.  In Brandsmart they put many specials of the same article.Amazing. I upgraded from series 1 to series 7 and it was the best decision.I really didn't know what to expect. But when I received my Apple Watch I was so happy just knowing that Best Buy has such good quality of product
I love mg apple watch , comes with great features and great sound quality.It has a lot more features compared to the series 4, and it was on sale at best buy.Love the new features, mom recently had some heart issues and the ECG feature is a nice peace of mind.I love my watch !
Had a fit bit versa and I LOVED it .
However it died and I really needed something with a mix of phone use ability and watch my health with all of those features . Battery could use improvement my old watch held for 3 days . I just charge before bed every night . The SE I returned used more battery less added options .Was a gift for my girlfriend. She loves it. Works as advertised.Great watch at a great price. Salesperson was extremely helpfulI bought the Apple Watch series 7 to replace my series 4 and I am 100% satisfied. I use it to track my fitness and my sleep. I use it to do Apple Fitness + workouts, to text friends, to keep track of my calendar. I can even use it to make purchases! This model has excellent battery life and is much sturdier than previous watch series. The display is larger and crystal clear. I like to use my photos as Watch faces and I love the ease of switching faces. If you are unsure if you want/need an Apple Watch, I highly recommend it!Really love this watch! Be sure to change notification settings if you don’t want your wrist constantly buzzing. Watch face isn’t too big on my small wrist. However, the standard Apple Watch band can give you a rash if it’s too tight; I use the small band and don’t like it to move while working out so use 2nd to last stopper and it has given a red spot.I switched from a Fitbit. This is the best fitness watch. It can do so many things.Bought one for my mom mostly for fall detection and to help her track her calories and movement goals. Works well and gives us piece of mind.Love my Apple Watch. Smaller size for my small wrist.my daughter loved it she use it for school and is a perfect fitVery nice and comfortable. Always keep you on track.No one can beat the price of BestBuy. awesome customer care by staff. Great quality. It would be really good if it has more battery life.Nice product with lot of amazing features. Nice display. Like the starlight color.Easy to use and very functional; great for workout and casual day wear.Great watch. monitor hearts and oxygen level. sync is good with iPhone.I don’t know why I put this off. I love this watch!
Helps me keep track of steps and if I am standing often enough.
I can check my o2 sat and it keeps track of my sleep time.
So much more and I always have time and temp 
In front of me.
Can answer texts. Ask Siri a question.
Love it.My series 3 watch died. I was completely lost without my watch. I looked at other brands but opted to stay with my Apple Watch. 
I love it.Great Watch series and good service, love this watch
It is interesting enlightening and challenging. I like gadgets especially ones that have a particular use for me it is a very good purchase. It also puts my families mind at ease as it records and notifies them if I should fall or there may be a sudden impact. Driving comes to mind. That makes us all much more comfortable with my ownership of this watch and it’s many programs.Awesome Tech and trustworthy still works newly! And very surprised of the durability, satisfied with the accessory and will be back for more tech in the future.It's a watch. Tells time, connects to my iPhone. Useful as a health device++Good looking and easy to set up. This is the second purchase in 30 days. BestBuy service has been always good.App accessibility and easy custozation make this a fabulous accessory.Has all the bells and whistles you need!  My third Apple watch and the best features yet!Great product. A lot like the previous model the price of the newer model was the same as the previous yearGood product and very stylish. I wear it everyday.Product is awesome!  Always buy from my apple products from Best Buy!Awesome……………………………………………………………………………………,,,    ……..Hasselfree transaction at best price I could find.Grabbed this for my wife for Christmas. She had the previous model and I thought she would like the upgrade. She loves it.Only had for a couple of weeks so still learning. So far, I am very happy with my watch. So much it can do.There is nothing much to say about Apple Watch. I had a Series 5 and upgraded to Series 7. The best smart watch in my opinion.So happy to use this Apple Watch Series 7, it is so amazingI was hesitant to buy an Apple watch but I am happy that I did.  This watch is great.  It does everything I would want it to do and the pairing with iPhone is greatMy second Apple Watch. Love it and use it everyday.I love this product because everything I need is on my wrist and it is not too bad of weight.Bought the watch for my wife and she loved it. The watch looks good and operates great.My new Apple Watch is great for monitoring my heart beats and rhythm
Beautiful color, works as expected, and band is comfortable.nice watch, long battery life, great features looks greatAmazing customer selfie with a knowledgeable staff. Apple never disappoints. Would definitely recommend this watch.Awesome deal, Functions like new.  Reasonable turnaround time as well.  Will shop againUpgrade from previous Apple watch. The wife really likes the oxygen level feature, the band is really comfortable and battery life is improved.Great watch and great discount. Best Buy offered a $70 discount on the series 7 Apple Watch.  Excellent gift option.  Love the watch.This is a great upgrade to the previous apple watch models. The screen is awesome and the bezel compared to others is what helps set this apart.Great product! Replace my version 3 iWatch that quit working. Used the price match option at Best Buy and got the lower cost! $70 less than Apple store.I love the watch! This is my first Apple Watch. I bought one for my wife and she loves it so I gave it a shot and got one as well! Great investment. Love everything it does for me!Love it because it does everything I need it to do to keep me connected.It’s a great product just like almost all Apple products.Love the new features and larger screen display.  Comfortable and reliable.Apple Watch 7 is wonderful. Had a fit bit for 4 years and it kept breaking. The workmanship was aweful. I did not realize that the Apple Watch is not that bigger on my wrist and it has more features than my old fitbit. I love that it hooks right to my apple phone wirelessly. Well worth the money I paid. I love it.
The only negative is I have to remember to charg3 it every night because it is constantly reading my phone and such, it does not hold a five day charge.Quite an upgrade vs a Fitbit Charge 3. Gives a better visibility between calories spent active and resting. Bright easily readable display for sunny days. Sleep tracking does not give in depth breakdown like a Fitbit. Activity auto pause detection is quite handy and convenientBest Apple Watch I’ve ever had, does everything I need it to do without anything going slow or wrongBought for my mother so she can keep her eye on her heart rate. ❤️
It also watchs for afib. Would definitely recommend this watch.It’s great for checking phone call,
Text message and measure heartbeat.Great watch my wife likes it so much and battery is betterI converted my wife and daughter to the Apple Watch, which they love.  The Starlight case and band complement each other.  A quality-made device with lots of features.Love this watch!!  No complaints! I am not all in with Apple, by this I mean I love my Lenovo computer.  However they make a great watch and phone.  So I suppose I am a half baked apple!
I was hesitant to buy this watch because my wrist is very small. I was afraid it would be too big/bulky and uncomfortable. With a change of band, my fears have been alleviated and I can comfortably wear it. The band that came with it was too big for my wrist.This is an upgrade from an Apple Watch series 2. A great watch! Very fast in response vs. Series 2, and with great features. The Best Buy price and availability helped clinch the deal.Great watch use it everyday, I love the fitness features that it comes with and love how you can upload your progress from your phone. Awesome buy!!!Great watch. Comfortable. Comes with different sized straps. Faces can be customized. Smaller sized face is great for my small wrist. Doesn’t look goofy on me. Healthcare worker so this works for me not being able to have my phone on me. Battery lasts all dayI bought this for my wife. This is her first smart watch. She loves it wears it everyday. She loves checking texts and her daily activity. She tells me I did good I think what she loves the most is seeing how she slept .The whole process was very smooth from purchasing the item, receiving the item, and using it! i love this apple watch!!Great replacement watch!  I do recommend this watch to others. Transaction at the Miami store was easy and the gentleman that helped was very knowledgeable.I upgraded from a series 4 watch. I really like the slightly bigger screen and all the new features. Best Buy shipped it to me very quickly.Excellent product. Mediocre service. Store destroyed my drivers license.Its a lot of stuff to take in. But its a good purchase overall.
I like to be able to see calls and texts when my phone its in my hand. I don't have to stop what I'm doing to check.Love it, perfect size and great for keeping track of steps and notifications.Love my watch! Does what it says it will and then some!Love my Apple Watch! Needed to replace my old watch that stopped working after 4 years.Sick watch. Would buy again and again and again and againMy daughter was really happy with this purchase and the colorGreat watch. Display just a four saize for small medium wristThis is my first time owning an apple watch.  I purchased this product used/like new from Best Buy, and it arrived to me without any indication of ware.  I saved a ton of money opting for the pre-owned watch, and I'm so glad I did.Bought this as a Father’s Day gift for my husband and he really loves it! It motivates him to get his steps/ work out in for the day. Great buy!Most recent Apple Watch is leagues better over our original series 3. Performs way faster and has nice options to itGot a couple of these for gifts.  Great price and covers all the bases for that techie in your life.
Great watch, looks great , feels great . Amazing technology.I Upgraded from a Apple Watch series 3.   Love the watch and all it has to offer. Decided that the 41 mm size was just right and not too large.I literally live with thus device. Life saver. Check my heart condition and many more things. Look forward to the new health features.Bought it for my wife and she loved it. Full of features.I am really enjoying the Apple Watch 7. I went back and forth between the SE and the 7. The always on and the little larger screen eventually convinced me to splurge on the 7 and I’m so glad I did!Love the watch works great for what I need it for.A great gadget for every aspect of my lifestyle, I love it!Excellent product! Easy to read and work! Highly recommend.This is my first time owning an Apple Watch. I had it programmed at the store. It is awesome. I had no idea I would be able to learn the features so fast. I wear it daily. I am learning the features.I prefer the 45 mm watch rather than this one bc it's hard to find accessories for it.Very Good Watch but expensive one. I purchased this my daughter to track here daily exercise. She loved it and happy with performance of the watch.
She has recommended this to my wife  and now I may have to buy another one.I gave it as a birthday gift, to my daughter. She loves it and always uses the iWatch.Upgrading from the Apple Watch 3 so it’s quite a big difference in a positive way.I bought 2 of these for Christmas gifts, one for a 40 year old and one for 14 year old. Both girls are happy so mission accomplished. Its an apple watch, it does Apple things. They are solid and hold up well to everything, one more for keeping up with friends, the other for work and fitness tracking.Very happy with this product! It adds do many benefits to my iPhone. I can easily leave my phone and move around without missing anything important!I love my watch, very stylish, and great for workouts! Works best with apple!Great Watch and has a lot of features on it. The only thing that would make it better is if they allow people to mix and match the band/watch colors.I love this watch! The health apps are really good such as the oxygen sensorA good upgrade from Apple Watch Series 6. It has most functions in Series 6 and a larger screen with better user interface.Good nice looks match my style. I have same phone which matches
I am a seventy year old person with knee problems. I purchased this watch so I could get help if I fell while walking the dog, but this watch also keeps me updated on the weather, time and exercise. As an added bonus it tracks heart rate while shoveling and can track blood oxygen levels to help prevent heart problems. All without a monthly fee after purchasing. Have recommended to other older people who live alone.Worth the price. I like that it keeps me on track with my fitness goals. I did get a screen cover (purchased separately).Quality watch and technology that effectively track data.This is my third watch. I love all of the features and the different faces.love this new version of my apple watch wear it every where even to the beach.Love my watch so glad I bought it. I like all the new things it does, I did have an older Apple Watch.So far very happy with Apple Watch. Does all the health info I needed.I love my apple watch, it was easy to set up and enjoy everythingA wonderful gift. Purchased for my mother, a great way to track health, everything else, and the time.Awesome addition to my iPhone. I can now answer calls, messages, keep track of my steps, my heart rate and calendar appointments.Great watch, love the upgrades from my old series 3. I use the sleep tracker and the heart monitor frequently.Just like from the apple store or you cellular carrier.   Customer service was excellent and fast.   Love my watch.  2 nd watch in 4 yrs.Apple Watch 7 is a significant improvement over previous models. Much better battery life, sharper display, and better connectivity. Would highly recommend.Great watch! @@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@Watch is good working great. 
No complaint looks great on hands.Even though the product was open box, the product was in excellent condition! Watch functions beautifully, as expected.I love my apple watch!   I really like the new features on this series.  (ECG, Blood oxygen)Love the updates with this new watch.  The red is bold and makes a statement. My last watch was a 3 so this one is much quicker and easier to use.Great upgrade. Easy to use. Nice color. Would by againtook this as a gift for my sister and she is barely used it... lol
but she likes the watch
Great watch Love It I always buy Apple Products.   Great ServiceGreat product and service from Saginaw mi store will highly recommend to a friendI love the watch. I'm a huge Apple fan, so no surprise. Lots of great tech and health stuff. I've only had it several weeks, but here are a few other things I really like: The band is remarkably comfortable. I love the easy access to multiple timers, weather, Mindfulness. I love how easy it is to switch between watch faces (set up on the iPhone). Glad I bought it.I love this watch, as I can check my heart rate and keep track of the number of steps I take daily. It has a great alarm system, waking me up every morning with a gentle vibration on my wrist.perfect condition, lasted 2 days before dying . charges fast, clear and bright enoughLove my watch!  Does everything I want it to !!  Fits well , look great and user friendly!Great watch. I wish I would have gone into the store instead of ordering online. The sales people are knowledgeable and very helpful. Next time I will do an in-store pickup. Good sale!!!I upgraded from the series 3 to the series 7 and have found this to be the best watch yet. It’s faster, has a larger screen, tracks more health data and has an incredible battery. I’m especially enjoying the Apple Fitness+ trial membership that came with this purchase as well as the hand washing timer.Bought this watch for my Dad. He has a heart condition and this watch helps him keep an eye on his Afib condition.It is a watch.  It is a good watch.  I want to use it again and again.Bought this for my wife to replace an older version. As expected with Apple a great watch with updated features. Wife likes the style and color, although she would like Apple to bring back rose gold as an option.Love this watch. It's my first Apple watch. I love all the features. Highly recommend.Love this watch! Long lasting battery with a super quick charge. Also all the features are great!I am loving this watch! I was on the fence about purchasing one and I am so glad I did. I don’t have to worry about carrying my phone on me while cleaning, etc. this helps me not miss calls and texts.I have watched so many events of Apple when it released the series 7 of Apple Watch! This is my first time to get an Apple Watch, so for my first impression is an enjoyable feeling with the watch!! Combine with the newest of iOS 15, it has too many features to help your health, also you can track your Sleep and Heart rates it on your phone app and more! It’s great for daily normal use like checking notifications, tracking while you’re working out. The thing I wanna the next gen improves are the battery life !!
Overall everything is very great for me !My favorite electronic of all times! I can’t seem to function without this watch. So many ways to use it. I had a fitbit 3 before this and I had so many issues with it.This looks so good and we picked it up on a really good sale.Upgraded from Apple Watch series 2… it was as time.I love my new Apple Watch. I trader my Apple Watch 4 for this one and was very happy that Best Buy gave me money towards my new oneLove the new health features.
Still easy to navigate.
Like that I can  change the size of the font to a larger easier to read size.
Great watch. Love it. This is my first Apple Watch.This is the best Apple Watch so far! I love the midnight black color!I love the watch. I had the series 6 but cracked the screen and I love the ability to quickly check messages or answer calls. Also love the fitness tracker.This product is very nice it gives you a lot of things to do like it measures the heartbeat, and your steps.I  love it. It was a big upgrade from my early gen watch. I wish Apple would design them to last longer, but Apple knows how to get repeat business.Really like the watch. Looking forward to learning more about it.Upgraded from a series 5 screen is a bit brighter and battery lasts you about two daysPerfect to count steps and work out at the gym alwaysBought the watch as a gift for my wife and she loves it so much! She is a teacher and since she is up and about she finds it efficient to check her emails, calendar, texts, and appointments all from her watch without needing to go to her phone, unless necessary. It has made her more efficient and productive without having to take out her phone every so often to check emails that aren't important.I contemplated getting an Apple Watch for a long time but I finally did the purchase and it was worth it. I love my watchMy daughter has been asking for an apple watch, given on her 15th birthday and she LOVES it.Great product great condition love the style and color. Fits great, want to buy one
For my husband for ChristmasGreat watch and features. Easy to use and able to swim with.I am in love with my Apple Watch. Got it as a present for mothers day from my husband and kids and absolutely
love it. an upgrade from series 1 to series 7.Love the color and size great features it’s every thing I thoughtWatch works really well and the heart rate feature has really improved since the 3rd generationA great Apple Watch! I love the green color. I think it’s perfect for everyone! Offers great details and has a large screen.Love my new watch! I had the series 3 and it was time for an upgrade. Very happy with my purchase.Bought this for my wife because of the fall detection feature that does not require the wearer to push a button to get help.  Couldn’t be happier.Wonderful smartwatch from Apple. Setup is seem less, quick to sync from old Watch. Nice buy.
I’m enjoying the watch.
It looks cool and it’s fun receiving calls and texts on it instead of the phone. Convenient when driving.I love my watch I wear it to workout. It has a great display more than enough space it’s great!!Love Apple Watch.    This is my second one. ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️This iWatch performs well and appears not to have some of the idiosyncrasies of previous models. So far so good.Excellent tracking and you will feel it like a regular watch. Try using with sports style solo band.Love this watch. Upgraded from a series 3 and it’s great.Very please with purchase, as well as the person who waited on us.Traded in my old Apple Watch 5 for Watch 7 (open box).  I have never traded in before. The trade in was a fair value, and the open box was in excellent condition. The store was busy because there were not enough workers, but everyone that was there worked very hard.I like the features. It is as good as expected. If you like apple products, you will like this watch.Love love love this watch! It’s a wonderful resource to have while teaching in the classroom, and matches well with any outfit.This is my second apple watch. I am very happy with the battery lifeI bought this for my wife. Now she texts me all day long from her stupid watch. Thinking she’s all incognito. Too bad I don’t got time to reply every 3.5 minutes. She’s mad at me now, saying I ignore her. But it keeps her busy. 10/10, would buy this again.It works great. I'm glad that I bought it and would recommend it.I have had all versions of the Apple Watch, this one by far is the best. I like the 41mm screen, easy to type quick texts on. Glad I upgraded from the 6Great watch.  My daugher loves it.  Especially being able to use it to prop up her phone and take pictures from her watch!Bought it as a gift for my girlfriend! She loves it! I recommend to purchase a case for the extra protectionBought as a present for my wife to replace her Series 5.  She loves it.   Didn't really have too many new features over the 5.Quality watch as expected.  Great functions.  Box was handled carefully and delivered without a scratch. happy with the purchase.Quality watch as expected.  Great functions.  Box was handled carefully and delivered without a scratch. happy with the purchase.The apple watch - when paired with an apple Iphone - gives you more information at your wrist than Dick Tracy (for those old enough to remember him) ever dreamed of.  This was puchased as a monitor for my heart in addition to providing many other benefits available at my wrist.  Having had it for less than a month I am still discovering features that make it an even better buy.
This apple watch is the best it is worth the priceApple Watch support all kind of my needs ranging from fitness, health, entertainment etcAppreciate the touchless and transparent service. Really liked the way I could purchase and pick up the parts from the store quickly!This is one of the best gift that I have chosen for my wife on her wedding anniversary and never regret itexcellent watch, got a gift to my wife, nice colorGreat watch and quality!! Love it and easy to use!!WE purchased 2 Apple Watch Series 7s, one for my daughter and the larger face for my son.  They wear and use them constantly.  It is an excellent product.Bought this to replace my wife’s Series 3. I love the looks and functionality. She loves the size and over styling.Very nice blue color and perfect fit in your hand.Hottest watch out!
Extremely durable and the speedy response time is outstanding!
Love the live wallpaper background as a bonus. Getting another one to complete our his/hers..Quick set up and easy to use, touch is responsive.Love this watch. It’s my first Apple Watch. It’s better than my Fitbit.My wife loves her watch. She went from a series 4 to 7 so it was quite the jump.Great value Apple Watch So light you can ever barely feel in your arm can track all of my runs and work out great watch I’ll blank amazing looking for me to do sports and if you want to go to a party you just change the image for a more fancy perfectexcellent watch, very good product and good service... I recommend them... best buyGift for wife. She enjoys the watch. Battery life is the only issue.This is my husband's first apple watch. He is thrilled with it. Loves the functionality and unlimited uses of it. He's had an arsenal of apple products before, but I finally talked him into this. Safe to say he's on board.I have always used Apple Watch and I can say that I have adapted to its compatibility with my iPhone.
I bought it to give it to my daughter
I recommend it.Love it!!! The only problem that I have had is finding a bumper guard that fits since it’s a 41.I really like the Apple Watch. The series 7 that I bought the first time had a batter life of less than 12 hours. It was lost somewhere in New York City. The second Apple Watch series 7 works as advertised with excellent batter life. The options for use on the watch are myriad and I will probably not use all of them
I’m really love Apple Watch serie 7 a lot more functions than sería 3Works very nice. It’s faster than other Apple watch versionsGood attractive model. Comfortable and waterproof.Bought it for my family they are so happy to have itLove it. Great watch. Very comfortable. Interchangeable bands makes for versatility. I can wear it out or wear it to work. Recommend getting screen protectors and bump guards thoughWorks great with iPhone allowing a lot of same functions as phone on the watchAwesome product. So nice works great. Thank you so muchLove this watch. Absolutely awesome does everything.Daughter loves this watch and the versatility of itBought the Apple Watch for my wife for Christmas.She is very satisfied.  Have plans to get one for myself.I like very much is very comfortable fast to load nGeat upgrade over the series 3 for my wife. Screen has much more usable space. She loves it!Great, help reminders are wonderful.  Eliminate fear of falling let me answer phone calls and textsDaughter loves it.  It is hard to impress a 24 year old, but she became a kid again.I bought this watch for my wife. 
She loves it! Bought several bands as well. 
Heart monitor is great.I love how comfortable it is on my wrist, ai hardly know it’s there. I do wish it stayed charged longer.So far so good.  Does what it says it'll do.  Could be a setting of mines but I can only get about 14 hours until it has to be charged again.My experience purchasing my new Apple Watch went very smoothly.  I had no problems at all snd have enjoyed my watch very much.Great watch. Bought for my wife as an upgrade from her Apple Watch Series 3. She loves it and uses it everyday. Looks like a regular nice watch with the always on screen display.Great watch. Love the band, very user friendly OS.
Has all the functions one could as for and more!!!Love the watch and all the features. Only wish it had a longer battery life.works well the battery charges in like 8-10 mins with the new Type -C charger. its smooth and looks very nice.Excellent Product. Just what I was looking for.YesWatch is working fine. It fits well. The battery could last longer.Great product, I’m able to stay active with the remainders to get up and walk.This watch has served all the needs that I have had for an active watch. I was extremely hesitant moving from my Garmin to the Apple Watch, however my Garmin watches only tend to last a year before they stop charging. Without fail, I have had to continuously replace them. I am hoping the Apple Watch is a good replacement for longevity.Wife has been bugging me to get her one and she seems happy with itIt does everything you expect, no nasty surprises. Works perfectly within the Apple universe. If you think you might want a smart watch, you probably do. Easy to set up and use.Nice product, excellent connectivity with the phone.  Got it mostly for the Heath apps/monitors, and pretty happy with those.  Don’t forget to pick up a charger block!I love my Apple Watch Series 7 and am so happy that I checked the BestBuy website on the day the Series 7 watches were released because it came in very quickly (I think maybe 3 days total). I also liked that it came with the free 6 months of Apple Fitness+. I had been doing really well using it multiple times per week to do workouts. The Series 7 watch is the bomb.com (the newest WatchOS is great).Bought for my teenage daughter. She was the only one that didn’t have one.I have enjoyed my Apple watch so much that I convinced a friend to get one and that's this one! Lol  These are very cool to use, easy to set up, and sooooo much more convenient to check on things (time, messages, etc) than picking up your phone every time.  Get one...you'll LOVE it!Love my new Apple Watch. More functionality than my 3rd generation watch. Very lightweight. Not as pricey as the higher end Apple Watch but just as good!I like this watch a lot but it will take me awhile to figure out how some features work considering I am not very tech savvy.I am really enjoying my new Apple Watch and thank the sales person at my Best Buy Store for helping me to pick it out to fit me and my personality.  I also ordered extra bands to replace the original so that I could have many different looks.We enjoy our Apple watches.  We also appreciate the courtesy and knowledge of the sales force at Best Buy.Bought this as a gift and the end user thinks it’s great!great watch i love this one its the best of the products we have purchasedLove the bigger face I upgraded from 38 series 3. I wish I knew what I know now. Battery last all day as well.
I upgraded my Apple Watch because I cracked my series 5. It’s my third Apple Watch and I like the convenience of it.Enjoy how it tracks steps and other cardio activities. It's nice that it also checks heartbeat and oxygen levels. It makes me more conscious about my daily routines.Switched to Apple Watch after Samsung Watch 3 didn’t give features I was looking for. So far this watch has been great. New to Apple products and must say I’m a fan so far!Awesome gadgets from apple, and getting good deal on bestbuy. ThanksLove my Apple Watch 7 starlight case/starlight sport band with multiple clock faces, apps, health monitoring, and more. Easy to switch out bands. Has great phone clarity. The magnetic charger is awesome, but wish the battery life lasted longer than a day. My lightening charger (purchased separately) has been a life-saver.Bought for my wife. Phenomenal product. The 40 mm is a great size for women's’ wrists.Excellent upgrade from Apple watch 4. Very responsive and fast. Would buy again!!Love it. Especially the EKG!
I found the band a little difficult so I had to buy a different typeI love the Apple Watch give me ERG blood oxygen it connects to my iPhone I’m very pleased with my Apple Watch I had the four Apple Watch and now I have the seven Apple WatchGot good discount and free Fitness+ for 4 months - nice featuresLove the watch. It does everything I need it to. Would recommendLove the updates on the 7 Series. The exercise application is a great motivator.It is Apple, and it is a watch. If you are an iPhone user and love technology, this is a must. The light and size are good. The screen is visible even under bright sunlight.My very first Apple Watch and I Love It. It does more than I need. But the fitness is one of the best features for workouts.Love the bigger screen, I traded in my series 4 and 5 for this 7 and I am loving it. The screen size even though a small change makes a big difference to me. Love the starlight color, just wish apple would have stuck with the traditional silver, space gray and a gold theme. The coordinating bands are still the original silver. But that is minor. Overall, love it and I am really glad I traded up.With my wife's series 1 starting to fall apart, purchased this for her. She's happy, the family is family.Very happy with it so far - I hope there is a way I will be able to see the number of steps I am taking without going to activities and scrolling down- otherwise I am happyWorks perfectly as an extension to my iPhone.  It helps build up good living routines.  Must charge every day.Just received my Apple Watch 7 today.  I love my Apple devices.  This watch is replacing an Apple Watch 4 that the battery is slowing down on.  I use my watch daily to track my exercise and health information.Slim design, crazy long battery life, absolutely love!!
I bought it for my cousin and she loved it. Would recommend to anyone.Love this watch and all its features!  Charges rapidly and have had no issues whatsoever.It is the best Watch and I recommend it to anyone elseSatisfied product from the apple. This size much  better then.Very convenient if you have a lot of Apple products. It last around two days without any charge.It’s a good watch. My first time getting an Apple Watch and I’m loving itGreat piece of tech gear and excellent value that is sharp looking and very functional.Always checking my health and this watch does a tremendous jobExactly as expected, durable, and delicious. Highly recommend.I never thought I would, but I really like this watch, especially the pulse check, and the weather app.Best watch ever would recommend this to everyone. Love what it can do.Having not been an Apple watch owner previously, this series 7  watch has, thus far, met all my expectations. I am very pleased with the functionality. Becoming accustomed to the operation takes some time if you are not a recent apple user, but seems to be well-worth the effort.  Only drawback is the short battery life which needs improvment.Got this as per of upgrading my old Apple Watch series and the green color I loved it.I haven’t been wearing a watch in years. With this I cannot believe that I would ever go without again.Love it!  It's a great watch with lots of options and works great.After 5 years of debate and talking myself out of this purchase, I finally decided this series 7 has the technical specifications worth investing in. Must say, this watch has been worth the wait and worth the price!Love my new watch. It was time to upgrade and I’m glad I did!I don't know should I get a gift for my wife but I found one on best buy so that is the best choice to get for my wife's birthday she loves it.Got this for my girlfriend and she can't stop talking about how much she loves it. Very nice upgrade from her series 3.Great watch. Integrates well with iPhone. I talked my wife into replacing her Fitbit with this. She loves it. Would recommend.
I have had the watch for a little over 3 weeks and so far it is meeting expectations.Great feel. Exactly what I wanted. Quick charge. Many faces.I love my new watch.   It was a great purchase! I will recommend it!Good sale price. Watch was on sale at $100 off and I have wanted oneMust buy the watch if you have it in your desired budget.Great watch easy to use. Fun to share the fitness app with friends and makes for a inspiring workout.should have bought this Apple watch for the SpouseAwesome watch, monitors heart, sleep and other health/fitness measures. Also is convenient in that the phone can be inside purse and messages won’t be missed.Bought both the 41mm and the 45mm.  The 41mm ended up fitting better, but I liked the larger screen of the 45mm better.I like everything about my new Apple Watch. I can work in the yard without taking my iPhone and still answer calls and texts. I can check the weather, use my apps and even tell time.This watch is a great way to complement your smartphone as it is easier to answer the phone from the watch rather than from the phone.Love this watch….the screen is perfect and comfort of band terrificBought this for my wife.  She loves it.  Does everything its supposed to do.  Great integration with her iphone.I purchased this earlier this year and I am very satisfied with this.Defenitely worth the  upgrade! Love this stunning colorUpgrade from the 6 was seem less and easy. Love this new color combination!Great watch with many useful widgets. Keeps track of my fitness activity and steps. Love getting notifications and answer phone calls on the goI love it!  I was always putting my phone down somewhere and I never could find it.  Now I can just "ping" my phone and locate it right away.  I also love that I get notified right away if a text or other notification comes it!I had the Apple Watch Series 2 and just finally upgraded to the Series 7 and I love it.  I really like the heart monitor and the GPS. It’s a little bigger than my 2 and I was worried having little wrists but it no problem and is comfortable to wear.Love it. Bought different band, still learning all that it can do.
Bought it for my wife. She Loves it! She can answer her phone. No more missed callsPhenomenal watch. Great features and surprisingly light on the wrist. Great for any and all activities.A gift for my wife, from the initial resistance to the end of putting her Chanel watch in the storage room to know how much she loves it LOLI love everything about this Apple watch.  It is one of those must-haves in our digital world.  Helps me stay organized and on task.   Love the watch and matching band!Love my new Apple watch.
 Love the Best Buy app.  So easy to navigate and order !Love my Apple Watch Series 7.  I had been a FitBit user for many years but after having to replace my FitBit on a yearly basis (or sooner), it just made more sense to switch to an Apple Watch.Great watch to have that meets my needs.  Easy to use.Bought this for a gift and she loves it. And upgrade from a series 3. Bigger screen and with a few new features.Excellent for workouts, for smart stats, like the displayUpgraded from the series 3 to this one. Enjoying the added features!Great watch with lots of functions.  Totally love it!!  I did replace the band because the band that came with the watch kept getting undone and I was worried that I would lose the watch.love the new watch had the first addition and wanted to upgradeThe battery life realistically is 24 hours!! Eats thru the charge each day! I have to charge it every night while sleeping!  very disappointed that it does not recognize floors! Fitbit did, same walk NO FLOORS registered with Apple Watch.This is a nice improvement over the series 5 watch, which was my first. The screen fills up more of the display and still has the “always on” feature from the previous versions. Charging other than overnight hasn’t been a problem thus far; the battery life is decent for the time you’ll be awake all day. No complaints.wonderful!  Better than I expected.  I love it-had one prior but accidently through it out in the garbageGreat watch, a lot of different features, nice size I got the smaller oneUpgraded from a Series 4 watch. Pleased with the new blood oxygen sensor.This was a birthday gift for my wife since her Fitbit died. She loves it. She said it is the best replacement I could have bought her.Bought open box, had no real issues and works perfectly! Upgraded from a series 3Another great Apple product. What else can I say? Best smart watch on the market.
Daughter needed a new Apple Watch to track her fitness. She jumped up and down in appreciation. She knew that this was the best product for her.Perfect gift for the wife that is not tech savvy. Especially if the person is into fitness.Great Watch . Really like it . Very durable. It is very convenient for when I’m at work or driving I can answer faster and not stop what I’m doing.It was for my Daughter and she loves it.
The help I received from Best Buy was excellentLove it easy to read and was easy to set up
Love the fit trackerI love my apple watch. I had series 2 and now it is time for an upgrade. I love the color and size of this watch.Daughter loved it. It is so pretty and is great. Very usefulGreat smart watch, 
I bought it for my girlfriend and she just loves it.
She is into hiking lately and uses all the sport apps in it.Great Apple Watch easy to charge for short period time to carry your contact and iPhone connection,the Apple Watch water resistant very comfortable for everyone.This watch is a great device!  I’m very happy to have it.  It does more than I expected.Apple - amazing product. Easy setup. Very good quality.I never really thought about getting an Apple Watch, but my doctor said that was going to have to start monitoring my health better so I decided to buy one and it’s been a game changer. It keeps track of so many key components of your health and also make exercising a bit more fun.I got this Apple Watch because of a study I’m participating in. I had an old Series 1 that required charging often. This only needs a charge once a day, and charges pretty quick.
I purchased a separate Watch band. I don’t think I’d spend Apple prices for that, but the Watch is great.The only thing is apps on your iPhone run on the watch which makes the battery needing charged every night. During the day I have to keep deleting them off the  watchGreat product!!! Can’t be happier with this watch. I can’t wait to see what Apple does in the near future!!!I love my new Apple Watch! I have been wearing a second generation apple watch for a couple of years and had contemplated getting a new watch for a while. I decided it would make a really good birthday present, so I started checking online which watch would be my first choice and Best But came through with flying colors!I love my apple watch, its a upgrade from my fitbit.  Im to watch my steps, sleep patters and keep track of all my health and fitness needs with the watch.  To keep battery life its best to turn off the watch if you don't keep it on the charger.This was a gift for our daughter and she absolutely loves it.Set up was easy and syncing to my iPhone as well. Having the ability to customize text size and screen brightness is a definite plus for my over60 eyes. Prefer this to the Fitbit versa for the ability to respond to texts and emails right from the watch!I was hesitant to purchase one due to price but I absolutely love this purchase. It’s the right size for my wrist and it’s not too heavy. Battery life is long just make sure you turn off the constant clock.
I love my new watch 
I just wish the sales person was nicer and helpful
I have an older watch I asked him about trading it in he told me just to sell it or give it to someone. And I new I could of traded it in 
Not very helpful at all ☹️Loved the larger screen and the battery life on this new watch.Upgraded from the Apple Watch Series 3.  Very pleased! The display is much larger and I love the QWERTY keyboard that I can swipe on.  Impressive all around!Love my new watch!  I previously had Version 2 so this was a big upgrade.  I got the midnight and it is so dark it looks almost black.  Easy to set up by myself and after reading the manual there are so many cool features on it.  I wear it to bed and the battery lasts over 24 hours.  I charge it before I go to sleep and it’s good for the next day!  Highly recommend it!I love my Apple Watch. This is the third one I have had and I love the features of the Series 7.I bought this for my daughter and she is very happy with it.Got this for my dad for father's Day. He loves it and all of its features, especially the heart rate functionI bought this watch for myself I liked it so much that I picked up one for my daughter for her birthday. She loves it and says it’s a great watch and thank you very much lolGood upgrade from my series 3, like the always on display plus some of the health sensor updates.  Other than that same old apple watch.Great product, good sound quality and durable. Great!Purchased for my daughter and she loves it. She is a nurse.Awesome it works great!  I recommend it to everyone.I am very satisfied with my purchase of an 11’ Apple iPad and the 2nd generation Apple pen. Best Buy really cares about me as a client. They were the only store that offered me a discount on both items, and all was because I’m a preferred client. I would go anywhere else fir my electronics. They cover all my electronics with a single plan.Love the capabilities and battery life of the Apple Watch 7. Great improvement over my Apple Watch 3.I love my apple watch!! It keeps me motivated to say active and to exercise. Also like that is connected to my Iphone and can see who is calling and texts can be answeredi like the always on display and the fast charging is very convenient. good health features. buy bands from aliexpressI really like it but wish it came with instructions!Very happy with my purchase, battery does last the entire day. Still working on all the different things it doesExcellent watch but Apple refused to replace under accidental after the crown came up missing.  But after very long phone call with supervisor they finally replacing after sending in over 3 timesLove my new watch. My 3 series died and this one makes it worth the expense.
Love it! It's light weight, nice screen size, and easy to customize.Very comfortable and the battery life is great! Definitely recommendIt’s a great watch! Easy to use and so convenient!!Wife loves it, battery life much improved from prior modelsThe apple watch works smoothly and the band lengths are wonderful.Great. Especially if you can find it open box. Nothing wrong with thatSo great I love this item, very good headset and good priceReluctant to take the leap at first. Cardiologist had recommended because of the ECG and heart beat monitor capability. Thought it was overkill for that. Discovered that it does much more and lives up to its reputation as best smart watch.got for hubby at Christmas.. no complaints, but he has yet to discover how to use all the features.. he also likes the smaller size as it fits his average sized wrist better.. put a Spigen protective case on it to protect the face..Awesome love my watch. I really glad I purchased itMy doctor advised this purchase. So far so good. It also keeps track of my ex reside and that is helpful as well. Good investment.Very useful for quick access to messages & so much more . love the fitness feature.Apple Watch has always been good purchase. Totally Loved itGreat for mom and mother in law. Very easy for them to use and convenientLove these watches they are great and help me keep up with my fitness by setting goals to complete.Wife loved it, had to change color though, lucky it was prime day so BB pricematched the other colorsLoving it, best purchased to gift someone special. The color and size just perfect.Come on Apple, this is getting cheap. These phones are very expensive and Apple cannot afford to throw in a charger? Really? This is the first time I've ever encounteredIf you are using an iPhone then by Default this is the best choice because of the compatibility, however if you are using a version 6 Apple Watch then you may or may not need to upgrade since there are not too many differences 
Great Watch though for activity trackingI'm an avid runner so prefer lighter trackers.  I found 45mm Series 7 too heavy but 41mm had an acceptable weight.
Positives - probably nicest iteration of Apple watch to date.  Fast & responsive.  Bright & large display, lots of wristband options.
Negatives - used Garmin devices for 11+ years so had to say goodbye to all history, battery life still not great - charging every 2 days (screen off) vs my ole Vivosport with 4-5days with GPS enabled during runs, no notifications from certain apps (annoying) and as silly as it sounds - Vivosport was indestructible - even took showers with it - which is not advised for Apple Watch
Got this as a gift for my husband and he loves it! Great buyGreat product. Love  the  new  style for  my  wifeMy wife absolutely loves it, it’s a daily thing now for her to mention something about it.Kid's Mom received this from me and the kids. She is blown away by all the things this smart watch can do. Loves all the cool and functional watch faces and was amazed how it worked with her cell phone and was able to get notifications and interact with Siri. Learns something new everyday with her new Apple Watch.Not only can this miraculous device tell you what time it is - it can also show you emails and text messages! What a time to be aliveThis watch is so smart it tells me I should stand up every hour but than I ignore it and continue to sit on my couch. Very impressiveI’ve been wanting an Apple Watch for a long time and finally got one for me and my husband. We love them.Waaaay overpriced. adding insult, as soon as I started looking online, price went up! Works as advertised.Never was one to wear watches, still getting used to it but love everything it tells me. Comfortable, and nice to be “hands free”High quality, great screen clarity.  Very competitive price at Best Buy!So much tech in a small item.  I got it because it can detect afib and allows me to take an ekg which is good info for my dr.  It does do much more.Nice replacement to the Apple 3. Larger face and just the right apps for tracking workouts.I love my new Apple Watch. And I appreciate the speed and efficiently of over night delivery services. I will  purchase other items from Best Buy...In the Future not today. Thank you Best BuyI love the color and the easy setup.  I learn something new about this watch every week.  Great upgrade.Enjoying learning all the Apple watch will do. Especially being able to answer the phone.Very happy with the watch. Longer battery life. Lots of choices, when it comes to watch faces.Great capabilities!  Color looks good with everything.  Love how all of my health data is available to my medical practitioners.Bought this for daughter but all the Apple watches I have purchased (4) have been top notch.  I have every model since 4Matched with my phone.. large display and better visualization.It’s so important for these mobile devices to have good battery. Apple Watch is good in that aspect. It’s display quality is really good. Water resistant and not flimsy as I dropped a few times on the floor too. I will recommend it.
This is the 4th Apple Watch that I owned. The watch is a good way to keep up with my messages and track my health.This watch is amazing.  I bought it for my mom and she loves it.It’s iwatch 7, what’s not to like :)
Seriously it is a good product for the purpose I got it for, i.e. fitness. So far so good.She loved it and I got lucky. I would recommend you get it for your girlThe latest Apple Watch is lighter and easier to use. I like the new band options tooVery nice, easy to change the bracelets, easy to use. You have to charge the battery every night.Easy to use and so many ways to use it. From information gathering to artistic displays this watch has something for everyone.I swore my generation 1 was fine and that I’d never upgrade. I’m so glad I did.First watch I really enjoy all the features especially the heart beat trackerWife loves it. She bought a band to match the watch. Pairs great. The only complaint are that it detects automatic workouts slower than her galaxy watch and battery life isn’t as long. She got over those issues quickly.Love my new watch, quick and easy to transfer my info from my old watchExactly what my daughter wanted to use the fitness and health monitor!Best smartwatch and the color is awesome. This watch does everything you want and seamlessly connects to your IPhone.L❤️VE my new watch! I made the original purchase 2 days earlier but had a problem with that watch so I wanted to exchange it. I received excellent customer service.Really great watch with awesome compatibility  across several devices and apps.  Would purchase again.Nice watch.  My daughter loves it.  Has some new features.Great product. Glad I upgraded. Better than my old three series which I thought was the absolute bestNice upgrades. Looking forward to using all the great things I can do with this watch.The watch is an upgrade from a previous watch. I traded in my previous watch on this one. The BestBuy associate set up everything! I’m very pleased.Omg the best watch ever. I absolutely love apple products. And this watch matches my lifestyle and I love knowing the calories I burn in my workouts
So pretty and in amazing condition! Always wear it and batteries last all day.We gave this to my wife as a Christmas and birthday present! Unfortunately, it's a 2 in 1 gift all the time for her :). She had the first generation that started showing battery demise in time for this 7th generation! She loved it even more. She definitely saw the big changes and she loved it even more!The new 7 series has a much better battery life than previous models.Great buy, great price! Wife loves it! All the the features you could want in a stylish look.Love the color. I get compliments on it all the time. Highly recommend choosing the blue one.Perfect watch if you are doing workouts and concern about your health. Recommend for others.Upgraded from Watch 4 to this one and it is a vast improvement. Especially the ability to use the full keyboard to swipe text.It’s so far working better then any of my fitbits. So glad I made the switch.I purchased this item as a graduation gift for my granddaughter.  She absolutely loves it!  I’m going to purchase another one soon!So easy to pair to my iPhone and it does everything. Really like the always on displayI bought this for my wife’s birthday present & she loves itLove my watch. I wear it every where. I get calls from my phone on it. I get emails and texts on it!Never really thought I’d like this watch-I wear several high end and everyday watches and the whole being connected deal was not that appealing. But try as I could - I actually warmed up to the features and the apps very quickly. If your an apple person it will be very easy to adapt - and the fitness app( another way they found their way in to my billfold) is stellar. I choose to ignore most im & calls -messages -on the watch ( think Dick Tracy)but I can’t ignore the convenience . I love the watch- but no 5 star review because it must be charged daily/ a pitaNice watch. Functions are perfect for everyday use. Would highly recommend this watch.I love my watch, especially the new health apps. I also like the new size of the face.I love my new Apple Watch! It works great and new features are nice.Item was too small had to get a bigger size had to purchase 45 inchI mean its an Apple Watch right, woks seamlessly with Apple ecosystemLove my Apple 7 Watch!  It is everything I had hoped for and all that it is advertised as.This is my first Apple Watch and I love it!   I had always purchased Fitbits but I like the fact that the Apple 7 and detect if I'm in Afib and also if I fall.  I recommend this watch!
Good Apple Watch coming from an Apple Watch series 3I love it. Didn’t think I needed this. Haven’t worn a watch in years. But I love itEasy to use. I bought this watch as a Father’s Day gift for my dad and he loves It!I love this new watch! So many new features and the perfect size for a small wrist.Love my new watch. I have worn an iwatch for several years now. I love the new larger screen with rounded edges.I bought it as a gift and the person absolutely loves it. Great product.I love my new Apple Watch. I like to paddleboard in the summer and am sometimes by myself when I go out on the lake. This will give me added peace of mind in case something happens when I am by myself on the board. I have also used the health applications and fitness tracking a lot already.Wife needed tracking watch and didn’t want me to buy her one. I ignored her anyone and now it is an indispensable tool for her.I finally took a trip to the “dark side” after all these years I got an iPhone and Apple Watch. I like them both.I’m obsessed. I love the watch band and display quality. The battery life is fantastic tooExcellent watch.  Good battery life.  Color is very cool.  Easy to set upGreat product! Working out and trying to tack all the work outs this watch came in handy.I never take off. Im using everything time. I make exercise with it.I love being able to do so many things on my watch when my phone isn’t readily available. However the battery life doesn’t last me a full 2 days, which would be ideal. It starts at 70% on day 2 but it drains real fast after that. Other than that, great product!!Great Watch just alittle getting used to at first but after that a great investment!Nice color and very functional. Easy to use and very user-friendlyNever thought I would buy a watch but developed heart rate issues. One of my friends is an ER doctor and she has similar symptoms and she relies on one for this purpose also. I like it more than I thought I would, really motivates me to keep up with my exercise goals.Easy set up and good quality.. got another for my husbandReally enjoys the product. This product replaced an older one and is a definite upgrade.Love my new Apple Watch Series 7. Love the color and all the cool features it has
No issues with watch...does everything it says it will...fast battery chargingMy grandkids and I bought this watch for their Mother for Mother's Day. She LOVES it. She had been wanting this watch, now she's very happy.!!Purchase for my daughter. She used to use the previous version. She feels better performance.One of the best products I’ve used to make my experience at work and working out a lot better.My wife is enjoying her new watch She uses it to monitor her steps and calorie burn and it has helped her to up her daily walks and exercise routine.Awesome Watch! Replacing my series 3.  Love the new design and features!Love this watch. Fits amazing. Very comfortable. The EKG feature and pulse ox reading is very cool and helpful!I moved from a different fitness device brand that I had used for over 10 years.  At first this seemed like too many bells  and whistles but it was easy to find instructions for everything.  The one downside is that the battery lasts only 1 day.  My other brand could sometimes make it a week even with constant use.  I hate having to plug it in each day.Amazing! I love the bigger screen. The battery lasts about 2 days. Tons of updates from the previous series.  Well worth the money.My wife loves her new watch. This is her first Apple Watch and she can’t stop beaming about it.The blue color is really nice. The features are easy to use. And it transcribes my text messages for me perfectly.I love this watch. I have had two others. Both older models which I have passed on to family members and they still work great! I just wanted the up grade.This is a great new model. The older ones were good too but now there’s more screen real estate. And it’s smoother with app switching and battery life. The sensors I feel are more accurate. Recommend for anyone looking for a new watch.I had the original Apple Watch Series 1 and sold it after a while. Wanted to buy another after seeing all the upgrades that have happened over the years and there are a lot of useful features in this one I wish I had in my first one. I find that I use this a lot more than my last watch rather than it being a status symbol on my wrist.The product is fantastic and the price was great. The post office held the item for a couple of weeks.love my new apple watch 7 series.  i had a 3 series but this one is grreatBest Apple Watch ever!!! Far better battery life, larger screen allows for full keyboard for typing out texts & is super responsive!Super helpful in my day to day functions and the employee who helped was super knowledgeable and helpful in the decision and completing the purchaseGreat Watch I like the color……………………………………………………..Good watch battery lasts longer and charges quicker! No complaints from me.
Love the color of this watch and how quick it is! I also love all the features of it!I love my watch!  it is amazing to be able to keep up with everything from my wrist!!!Bought this as a gift. My fiancée loves it. Good value.Does everything it says it does. As well of some things I was surprised by. Battery life could be better but with all it is doing understandable to need a daily charge.Purchased as a Christmas gift for my wife and honestly I wasn’t sure if she’d use it.  I couldn’t have been more wrong - she absolutely loves it and I think she’d be lost without it.  It was incredible easy to set up, battery life is phenomenal - all in all, a great purchase.It was easy to set up & have started lots of the programs.First time getting an Apple Watch and I love it. Would definitely recommend itThis is replacement for my Apple Watch 4. I only use them
As smart watches in gym and to track jugging and walking.I had one of the earlier models of the Apple Watch and loved it. Until the face popped off when it was charging one day. My husband bought this one for me as a Christmas gift and I’m liking it so far. I do wish the battery lasted longer. It say 36 hour battery life, mine is usually right around 24 hours. But I do use it a lot for talk and text. I feel like the band on this one fits differently, which I don’t like, but replacement bands are cheap enough. So far functions well.  Only complaint would be battery life.Great watch! No complaints aside from having to charge every other dayStill, this is the best smartwatch on the market and no brainer for an iPhone ownerReally loved it. This size for women is really good.Love it, perfect for exercises.I am Using this watch every dayIts more than I expected. Its my first smart watch, so I really change my routine using this device.My daughter loved her birthday watch. Great gift for teenager!More comfortable than I thought it would be.  Kind of annoying I need to adjust this with my phone thoughWanted an upgrade from the Apple watch I had so decided to go for the newest model. I'm very happy with my purchase.  Love being able to keep track of my exercise,  control my music and take my O2 levels. It is fantastic to have something that helps me stay motivated to keep moving and working towards fitness goalsgot this watch for my mother for mothers day she loves it it does everything that she wants it to do I recommend this its worth the money and its big upgradeThis watch has been amazing thus far. I would have loved the bigger screen but this one was more affordable for me. I don’t remember what life was without it.I switched from the 3 series to the 7. All the reviews I had read before were correct in every way.
I loved …. Really good choice I use to have a 3rd generationLove my new apple watch.  I hardly know it's there.  Recharges very fast and gives all the information of want.  So glad I finally purchased it.Bought this watch for my adult daughter, she loves the functions and color. Says it's the best yet.Nice watch!  Paired up very easily with my Iphone and works well.  Battery life is shorter than my fitbit but could be because I use the aps on it.Love the watch and its color! My very first apple watch . Thought it would be difficult to manage but its easy.Really great, happy with my purchase. Recommend it to anyone.My wife loves her apple watch and it does much more than just "tell time".  Battery last through the night and all day, depending on usage for everyone else im sure.  Only issue is the screen scratches easily.Great deal bought open box 
Im happy with my purchase no issues other then small screen probably should have 45 in screenGot this for my lady as a gift for her starting school! She loves it! definitely an upgrade from the one I have lolBought this iwatch as a gift for my girlfriend. We are very happy with this watch.Like most Apple products, its a good electronic device.  It's like having a miniature version of your iPhone on your wrist.  However this is sometime convenient but most of the time not.  Having to charge the battery is also a turn off.  I am keeping the watch for some use, but most of the time, I just use my phone and wear an old fashioned stainless steel watch.Pleased so far. Works as expected and held up fine underwater when I swam with it on.Love my Apple Watch! I ordered with Best Buy pickup and had it the same day! The fitness tracking and heart rate sensors work great! The battery life is better on the 7 than my older version, but still needs charged daily.Love the new Apple Watch! Cool new features. Definitely needed the upgrade.Very, very nice watch. Easy to use. Looks nice on my wrist.Love this watch, I use it more than I ever thought I would.  I set timers while cooking, reminders, grocery lists etc, just by talking to siri and then everything is right there with me at  all times.Works great, comfortable to wear. Long battery life.Very comfortable for use and battery life was decentAwesome as always! Haven’t had one since series 3 and I’m so glad to be back!I upgraded my series 4 Apple Watch and it was totally worth it!
I’m liking it so far, and I am not regretting this purchaseGot a open box deal. Watch is like brand new. very thing in the box. Happy about the purchase. The screen is not super strong, it already has some stretch on it. The battery like is OK, It cannot last 2 days, still need charge every day still.I’m enjoying it very much.  Helps keep me on track.I have had an Apple Watch for several years! Upgraded to this one & have loved it.I love this watch! Once I got it set up it was easy to use. The only thing I didn't love was having to buy a new charger since it is different than what I already have with my iPhone and iPad.So far so good, the watch is comfortable and helps track my exercise routine. That’s all I wanted. Customizable watch faces are fun and helpfuleasy to use, very comfortable, durable. I am enjoying this.Eventful watch,  it does everything it is advertised to do.Amazing Apple Watch. I am very happy that I purchased it.  Perfect timing.Bought this for my daughter for Christmas and she absolutely loves it. She was so happy to have it in green. It has really inspired her to focus on her fitness goals. This watch does not disappoint.Better than a Fitbit which I've used for years. Watched video tutorial for setup. Just takes a while to get used to interface.Love this watch! Speed is great, picture is great! the only thing i wish i could change is how the text messages only go away if you clear them from the watch itself.A great watch with lots cool features.  I can see who is calling or messaging me without reaching for my iPhoneGreat buy.  Bought it in time that I had some blood pressure issueJust switched back to apple, got the new iPhone and this watch, LOVE it!! The easy use set up from your phone with app, the connection to messages and phone(can even pick up call on my watch and easily transfer to my phone), fun face plate pics(including personal pics) and the health metrics and reminders.I love it. Love color love how works. Everything about it.Works as expected. High quality display and great battery life.This watch is such an upgrade from my old series 3, I really like the always on display!The screen is so much bigger than my 3 series. Great color, charges a lot faster than I expected. Great watch.I love my Apple Watch, the service and a coupon to reduce the price…how could it be any better…
My wife loves it! Love the newer features and great for a workoutIts a great watch and i love it and i use it all the timeI bought this watch as a Christmas gift to upgrade my wife’s Apple Watch series 3, she really likes the bigger screen size and faster charging. Battery life is not as good as her series 3, due to the always on screen, and added health apps, which can be adjusted in the settings.Love it. Keeps me going. Time to get your, yup, up to get it done. When your thinking of something, mindfulness app appears, take some breaths. Wow, crazy awesomeness.Great features, Easy to Use! I like the ability to check your pulse and O2 saturation!Upgraded my Apple Watch from a Series 3 to 7.
Love my Apple Watch as it lets me stay connected but more subtly.Apple Watch is excellent I bought it for my wife and she was excited to get it.My favorite Apple Watch this far. The color of band is really cool. Goes with everything! Love it!I love this watch, the salesman was so nice and helpful. He took his time and kept a smile on his face.This is my first Apple Watch and I am loving it. I finally crossed over from many years with another fitness watch and so far, I am very pleased with the functionality and syncing of apps.Ok this watch is super cool just please beware if you have anxiety!! I have now developed ocd like tendencies on checking my oxygen, heart rate and the ecg feature on this!! Don’t get me wrong it’s an amazing device but now I feel the need to check my vitals plenty of times during the day which isn’t helping my anxiety. However I will say it did alert me once when I had an extremely high heart rate. Turns out I was having a panic attack. So it can be useful if you actually have a heart conditionI replaced a series 3 with this watch.  Big differences between a 3 series and a 7 series.  It’s worth the upgrade.Love this watch just wish the battery would last longer.Good quality, way to expensive, but well, it is apple, what can we say!I love the Apple Watch I use it for everything except the heart trackerLove the color and size and everything 
Perfect for my husbandThis watch is amazing is was a good upgrade from my series 3 watch. The display and the battery life are excellent.My first time buying  open box and i love it the watch is great no problems at all and saved 80.00 for the open box thank you best buyBought it for my wife. She loves it and finds it very useful. She has never had any problem with it.Mgreat buy, easy to use. Wich it came with normal usb chatger instead of the new type
Absolutely love my new Apple Watch. Ordered online and picked up at the store same day with curbside pickup! Great experience! Thanks Best Buy!I had one of the first series for the longest time and it gave out. Now this one has lasted much longer and the face is bigger as well which is a plus. I enjoy the other added app features like the fall and washing hand feature.It works perfectly no problems I am glad I chose the 41mm  I think the other size would be too big but I also love the color as well   It is easy to use after I figured out how it workedI enjoy all the new features, very helpful and handy.Gift for my girlfriend! She absolutely loves it! Does everything its meant to do and more! An absolute plus!Had Apple Watch 2 series.  This is a nice upgrade super slick and lots new features.I love this watch, I didn't like the band it messes with my husband's  arm hair. other than that it's a great product.Nice piece of technology with a very sleek look to itWorks great! Exceeded all my expectations and Best Buy got it there so quickly ! Thank you!Bought as a gift and the recipient is loving every minute of it. TY Best Buy for making my purchase so easy.Apple Watch Series 7 (GPS) 41mm Starlight Aluminum Case with Starlight Sport Band - Starlight
Looks Great!Works well. Very happy with the features. Favorite parts are the fitness and health tracking. Very useful.very good watch dont know how I lived without it..This was a birthday gift for myself. The best thing I could have done. I am literally lost without it.Really happy I upgraded from my old FitBit to the Apple Watch. It has many benefits.
Only downside is the short battery life.I love it really helps in my routine exercises and purchase now I am not carrying my pursesSlimmer fit and good quality watch.  I do, however, have to purchase all new bands.A beautiful watch with a battery that lasts two days.Great gift that I purchased. Will definitely buy againHeart and O2 function work good which is why this watch was purchased. Great choice for someone who needs these functions in an Apple Watch.
Gave it as a gift to the wife loves it as she replaced a very old apple watch of hers and the features are many more.Love how it looks, & so far working as it should
Waiting to see how it holds up for the water testApple Watch Series 7 (GPS) 41mm Starlight Aluminum Case with Starlight Sport Band - Starlight is a great watch.  Easy to setup.Nice watch, larger screen, quite a choice of faces. The "Contour" face looks prettier in "real life" than in the video. The rest is pretty much the same. It took me a few days to get used to the larger size (I had a Series 4 before this one). Battery life if great, much better than with Apple 4.LOVE the watch and the connection to my iPhone.  I moved from a FitBit to the Apple watch...like night and day !I don’t go anywhere without this. I can’t use my phone at work so this helps a lot!Fantastic watch with lots of great features. Keeps me reminded to be in shape and is stylishWorks great, wife loves it connects to phone and apps without any problems!Love it. Charges super fast because I wear it to bed as well to track my sleep as well as my daily workouts. I definitely find the battery lasts me a lot longer as well.Does everything you would expect it to! I love being able to compete with my friends with the fitness aspect and even bought my friend one to compete with me too!Love this watch. I bought it for my wife’s bday. Couldn’t be happierLove my new watch. I upgraded from earlier model and found the setup to be much easier this time.I have never liked smart wearables. I only like to use regular watches. It's growing on me. I don't have to pick up the phone to see who texted or what notifications i get.I bought it for my husband. He love it. Perfect look.One of the top fitness watches. Highly recommend for any active person looking to track workoutsMade a nice gift. Large screen made it easy to read.best apple watch ever, I love how it integrate with my iphoneExcellent watch with very useful applications. Easy to set up. I love it.Lots of power and apps available for it. Battery life seems to be upgraded compared to prior models. Display is easy to navigate through even for chubby fingers.It is noticeably bigger than the Series 6, even though it is only 1mm bigger. The battery lasts longer as well.
I purchased this one for my update one, I really like the color red.I used to have series 5 before and now seeing the difference between 5 and 7! Series 7 is faster and not frozen.u can easily see ur text on ur watch . I really like itLove this watch very good to keep an eye on heart, o2, also keep up with workouts I had a 3 this one is a big upgradeFirst time owning an Apple Watch. Great product and it integrates perfectly with the iPhone. My only minor complaint would be the battery life isn't the greatest, but it charges quickly and always lasts the whole day for me.My sister loved her new birthday gift. She’s worn it every day since!Good smart watch.
Accurate easy to use good displayThe watch is great - i have no problem wearing it everywhere.so far so good.  Still learning all that it does.  Fall protection is the main reason I boughtThe battery life is more than I expected with using my watch as much as I do throughout the day.Upgraded from a series 3. Definitely better battery life!Best Buy was able to get hard to find (at least at this time) watch very quickly. My series3 watch display cracked and I believe I had sound guidance on fix/replace decision from Geeks. Battery life is marginally improved over series 3.
The band that comes with a 41 mm watch just barely fits my not much bigger than average man wrist. The tougher (if as advertised) crystal has not scratched in a month which seems promising. I’m careful while wearing my 30 year old Swiss watch and don’t want to have to be wearing a 5 year throw away watch.Love my watch! I will not trade for anything.love love loveCannot live without!! I'm a mom of 2 so I need this in my life!Apple Watch is awesome. It has all the features you need without having your phone…Love the information provided by the watch.  Easy to wearThis is my 4th Apple Watch. I just like them. Never had a problem.I had a Apple 3 watch and decided to upgrade. Love my new Apple 7.At first, I was not sure if I will be able to get a good open box Apple Watch. So far this is best open box product I have ever purchased.It’s awesome and I love my new watch!! Can’t wait to get my parents some!I bought this watch for my wife on Mother's Day, and she loves it. Works great in conjunction with her iPhone!
Looking to replace an old Series 2. Nice upgrade, enjoy the new fitness features.I like it and he helping me .He remember me all the timesNeeded to update my Series 1 Apple Watch and purchased the Apple 7 watch. There are similarities but many improvements  for those waiting to make the plunge.Best purchase ever.  Not sure how I survived without it all these years.It’s an Apple Watch. The best smart watch you can get. There’s nothing better than this besides an actual watch lolgreat smart watch. easy to connect with my iphone.Love this watch - it replaced an older model whose front glass suddenly cracked in multiple spots.  New watch faces are great.Another feature packed version of the Apple Watch. The ability to keep this on in the shower and even while swimming are amazing. The fitness tracker seems much more accurate than previous versions. Very sharp screen and seems easy to read in all types of lighting.Excelent watch. Fits very well on the wrist. All the sensors are very good.It’s a great watch. I would recommend. It has everything I need.A gift for our son to keep him on time.  Works great and simple addition to his iphoneI upgraded from a series 3 and loving having a fully operational watch again.Got the Apple Watch 7 for my wife as an anniversary present. She loves the watch and it’s ability to check her oxygen count, heart rate and check her heart.Absolutely love my watch. It is awesome! It has so many features and apps to use and sync with my phone.I am still learning everything. The app is very helpful.Open box items on pristine Condition. I really enjoy the keyboard feature on this Apple Watch seriesBest smart watch especially if you have iphone this is best to have value to money spent ratio is way higher than any-other smart watchLove the new look with the bigger screen 
Much lighter than my old Apple Watch 3
So glad I upgradedI had to replace my previous Apple Watch 3 - this is good item so far.Amazing watch. Love the blood oxygen level, pulse, and ECG feature as well as all of the other features. Had a hard time pairing for the first time but finally got it to work. Charges unbelievably fast. In under a hour from completely dead. I love it
I bought this for my daughter on her 15th birthday and she loves it.. She uses it to track her steps and it keeps her more mindful of her health..Great battery life, nice features. I like the color too.Useful watch…………………………………………………………………………,,,,,,,..    .Great product. Best Buy helped me set it up in no time!Happy I made the leap. Worth every cent. Tracks my exercise, steps, all activity. No longer need my Fitbit and everything is right at my fingertips.Great watch!  What’s there to say.  Best smart watch out there.It took me a while for me to want one of these, but now that I have it I honestly don’t know how I lived without it. I had a different smart watch but recommend this hand down especially if you have an iPhone.My favorite color and so convenient! Works great, no glitches.Very nice watch works pretty good for the use I wantYeah, I have to admit...I love this tech.  I don't gush over Apple devices often, but this one changed my mind completely.Purchased one in March for granddaughter. I then purchase another one in April for my grandson.  Both are thoroughly enjoying their watchesSuperb Watch by Apple. It helps control your health, You can manage every thing on Watch.Love my watch. Ordered online and pick up was simple and ready when promised.Works great! Upgraded from the series 3. Battery life is great. Easy to navigate. Great screen size.Apple watches, the are great. They do everything you need in a smart watch. This one even detects if you fall.I made a great update from my series 3. Package was received quickly.Great Apple Watch! Would highly recommend getting the Series 7 over any of the others. Better cosmetics, accessibility, and bigger screen. Great watch especially for the price.Apple 7 series watch is the best smart watch you can buy today especially on sale!!Bought this as a gift for my girlfriend and she loved it. Perfect for her workoutsbought 1 for me and 1 for my little sister and we love them, very convenient
Very easy to use. Excellent watch. Upgraded from first generation!Best Buy made my purchase so easy!  I ordered online and it was delivered the next day.  They notified me when it was shipped and when it should be delivered.  All right in target.  I love my new watch, and have been with .Best Buy’s continued service.value for money. love the look and feel of this watch.I love my apple watch my boys gave me for my birthday!Everything at my wrist! Never miss a notification or a phone call. Discretely dismiss or read, whichever one you choose to do :)Love it! Such a great purchase and value! Refurbished and in perfect shape.Wife loves it.  For someone who never wears a watch, she doesn't take it off.  The watch is easy to pair with your phone, charges quickly and a great clear display.  Wife loves the ECG app.  She barely uses the phone anymore.  Everything right on the wrist.Christmas present for my wife, better discount and financing time than Apple.My watch arrived very fast.  The packaging was excellent.  Only down side is I had to buy the charger plug for it before I could charge it.  I don't believe that should be an extra.  If Apple wants more money then just up the price.I love this watch forgot my phone at home and I still got texts I like that it stays on I had the iPhone 4 great improvement I like the size tooSo far there’s nothing that I don’t like. The battery life is one or 2 days where is the cheaper Amazon watches lasted a few weeks and I hardly had to think about charging. However, this watch does so much more that I can see why it needs charging more often.I’m a fan of Apple Watch and this one doesn’t disappoint.  In my opinion it’s more responsive to touch and the battery life seems longer.Excellent smart watch for workout and everyday life. Strong battery with all-day screenLove the new features on the new Apple Watch series 7Great watch. Really good upgrade from series 3 watch.Great battery and durability. Love the green color!!Love this watch. Just upgraded and it’s fun to use and great color.Meets and exceeds expectations. Very pleased with all the features.Good and simple watch. I just used it for running and swimming.Very happy with the watch, great quality, great durability! Love all the features
Apple it is. Upgraded from Series 3. Loving it. more gbHas a larger face and always on big plus
Great watchBattery lasts much longer. The screen is very responsive.I went from a 5 to the 7. The bigger size is nice without it being too big. When my son got Covid and the dr wanted to know where his oxygen was I flipped my watch on his wrist. Great watch made even better.Excellent watch to own. It’s a perfect gift item to give.Great watch! I upgraded from the 3 and it does everything I wanted it to!You will never go wrong with an Apple watch. That is why everyone is wearing it!So far so good.  Watch does everything and then some.  Oxygen sensor and ekg are especially useful along with a more accurate heart rate monitor that my old fitbit.  Swapped out band for a nylon workout band.  3 pack online for $12 and works great.My wife love her watch! She were able to make her life a lot easier with the features it have!The watch is fantastic. The delivery is what lost a star. It was rescheduled to four days later than original stated.Very happy with this watch. Charge time is super quick, no lagging at all like I was experiencing with my older version. And great for tracking all of my workouts! Definitely recommend.best watch i could buy for my girlfriend birthday.My husband loves the Apple Watch 7! I got it for his birthday and he loves it! it does everything he needs. Great new series of this watch. Purchased the smaller size and it fits his wrist great!Great watch, perfect size! Love the ease of use with other apple products.Amazing watch. Now I can keep count of my steps and other excercise.Easy to use and practical.  Bought as a gift for my wife and she’s very happy.My first time with a Apple product and so far im loving it.Great device! Love the sleek look of it and the functions are so much better than my Fitbit.Best apple watch as of today. Bought this for my mom for the ecg app to show her doctor. And for the blood oxygen level.I love my Apple Watch!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I am happy with my purchase. I wished I would have known at the time of purchase that I would need the adapter for charging purposes. It involved a retutn trip to the store.An Excellent smartwatch, well worth it. Replaced my Series 4 with the Series 7Great customer service from the Best Buy employee. Great watch, totally satisfied with my purchase.This watch works well with the iPhone. I used to be an android used, I have now switch to the iPhone because of how much I like this watch. It is more than just a watch. I can detect if you fell. It can track your sleep and so much more.Super fast shipping and easy ordering made this purchase a breeze.  This is my 2nd apple watch and I am thrilled with the series 7Interfaces well with my iPhone; however in some respects it is not as helpful as my Fitbit.  The way it approaches Heart Rate is clumsy.  Why not just give a readout of the heart rate on the watch face.  You have to pull up an app to get it.  And having all of these editable watch faces just makes things difficult.  And while I see where they are going with the band, I don't like it.  It's difficult to put on.  And it looks like it's going to require overnight charging every night.Excellent watch sleek design nice to answer my calls while at the gym love it.It the best purchase I ever make I love my Apple Watch!!Great watch with a lot of functions. Playing baseball with my grandson and fell down.
My watch said “looks like you had a fall, are you ok”Bought this as a gift and it is better than the previous Apple Watch iterations. Great battery and an even better screen. If you want a product that monitors your health, this is a good one.My first Apple Watch. Transitioned from many years of Fitbits. I shouldn’t of waited so long. This is far and away superior to the Versa 3 which was my last Fitbit.Love it, really love the larger screen and all the bells and whistles that it has! Very handy health apps, and apps! Highly recommended!!!It was a gift and the person who received it liked it.Excellent fuctions and performs as expected. Looks very good as well.First smart watch ever and I love the look and functionality. Screen scratches easily thoughExcellent product, Not a much update to the previous generation.Easy to use wearable. Looks great on as well. Multi functionalLove my new series 7 Apple Watch.   I previously had a 1st generation Apple Watch.This watch is the perfect gift I got for myself. I’m loving it so much!This Apple watch is everything I hoped for and more! The fit is perfect and the apps are very helpful. It's great to be able to just glance at a text on your wrist during a meeting or event.
This Apple watch is everything I hoped for and more! The fit is perfect and the apps are very helpful. It's great to be able to just glance at a text on your wrist during a meeting or event.My wife has loved this watch since getting it to replace the samsung smart watchLike it very much, has all the things that i wanted in a watch. Had the 3 now i use that one for work ( retired Contractor)Love the comfort nice not having to take watch off when in and by the poolExcellent fitness watch with great space and technology. I am very glad I purchased this from Best Buy.Wasn't sure if I wanted a new Fitbit or an Apple Watch.  But, since literally everything else I have is an Apple product, I went with the Apple Watch.  Best choice ever!Replaced series 3 watch with series 7. Great battery life and several new featuresI love it. It’s a Father’s Day gift from my son, NeffGreat watch. Images so clear. It only came with 1 watch band whereas my 1st series came with  4 interchangeable bands. Reception range really good  Really satisfied with this purchaseLove the watch, the bigger display is nice and with the smaller footprint it fits better on my wrist.Couldn’t be happier with this and so happy it comes in green.Upgraded from older Apple Watch.  
Love the new watch!Had the series 3 before this. Such a step up from that model. The display size change was something to get used to but I like it and it doesn’t look bulky on my wrist. Also only takes about 30 minutes to charge and lasts all day.Love it love the green band fits nice and comfortableLove my new water, bigger screen makes things a lot easier to read.Love the apple watch newest model.  This is my 3rd Apple watch.  I got it in starlight.  I really wish it was available in silverThis is my second Iwatch now. I have been very pleased with this watch and highly recommended it if you are looking for a great smartwatch. It has good battery life but does require a charge each day.I LOVE this watch!!!!! The band color is unique and goes with everything and the series 7 does it all!Great apple watch to have!  It is very useful when you pair it with your iPhone.  Love it!Apple Watch Series 7(GPS) 41 mm Midnight Aluminum Case with Midnight Sport Band Midnight
Great upgrade from previous generations. Features are betterReally like it and no problem with the product. Enjoying it!My daughter loves this watch! Present for graduation.First it's an Apple Watch - does it really need a review.  They are awesome - this is my 2nd just because I wanted the latest and greatest.Great purchase - the Apple Watch is great. Especially the health options.Very happy with this new Apple Watch. Has the features I need to keep track of my health.It was a gift to my mom, she loves it. Very user friendly like all apple productLove the color of this watch band. It’s very comfortable even at the gym.I love it. Went from Android to Apple. My oldest talked me into itWe ended up getting all of us Apple Watch .
 Very EfficientReplaced my old Apple Watch 2. Works the same with some upgrades.This Apple Watch is great… I’m still learning how to use it… I’ve only scratched the surface…. So far… so good!!!Good watch. Dont like how often this watch requires charging.Love this watch it does everything for you. Great for healthy tools easy to set up and would recommend it.Absolutely love this Apple Watch! I had the first generation one when it first came out but then switched over to Samsung since. Never really liked any of their watches and felt like the step count wasn’t always accurate. However, no complaints here!Excellent quality and a great gift for my daughter; she loves it.I was reticent to get an Apple Watch but I love it!Excellent price and options. I have been looking to upgrade my watch and the sale price was the deciding factor.The best of the best only for the best. Apple all the way.Great watch I bought them for my wife and daughter to replace their three series and they both love them.
It came in perfect state. Good price. Although I paid for shipping so it can be delivered quickly, I had to pick it up.It performs as indicated.  The color and band are as advertised.I enjoy it sometimes I don’t want to pull out my phone and it makes it easy to answer calls voice to text is 9/10 and I like tracking my caloriesMy wife absolutely loves the watch. All the amazing apps.Finally did it after my old Garmin quit working. I had buyer's remorse as soon as I hit purchase since it's so expensive but now that I have had it a few days... I LOVE IT. plus you can get neat bands for it.Excellent watch!
My kid’s series 3 watch finally stopped working. This newer series 7 was priced the same as the series 6. As such, I purchased the latest model for my kid. My kid absolutely loved this Apple Watch.
It’s also a fashion statement for the kids.Love it love it love it. On my third one and better each time. BB has the lower price and fastest serviceSister was in love with this as replacement for here trusty Fit bitWonderful product. My wife loves it and uses the fitness features dailyLove the watch.  Had an old Series 1 and love all the new features on the Series 7Excellent watch, very easy to use.  I highly recommend itExactly as advertised love my watch and got a slight dealBought this for my wife's birthday. We both had the original watch and finally upgraded. she loves it so far. No complaints at all.Love my watch.  Works great. Checks my heart rate.Best gift ever. I wanted it for so long and finally having it makes me happy.The watch look brand-new not a scratch on it works perfect A1 all the way. The watch works perfect.Love the watch its so comfortable to wear and it goes with everything.Excellent!! I love this watch. Sleek and stylish. Best smart watch out thereI am late to the party when it comes to technology but I love my Apple Watch!The Mickey watch app face makes my wife smile everyday well worth the money just for that!
Very accurate & reliable Apple product. Compatible with iPhonesAwesome works great love it!! Updated from gen oneGreat watch.  Easy to read, lots of applications to use, and lots of watch faces to apply.I replaced my VERY expensive metal watches and wear this daily with a new black metal bandAwesome Apple Watch. My wife does not wear watches but this she lovesExcellent product..use for iPhone notifications and exerciseI love this watch and was very comfortable.. The price was decent.works great for everything! I use it for my workouts!One of the best on the market for the price good dealGreat watch, worth to buy. this is my 3rd apple watch, i love it. i already have red, black, and whiteI ordered this watch for Mother’s Day. It was delivered the next day and beat every online price with the chat service.Easy to use and it does what its supposed to do. No issues to report.Great display and battery life, love the heart and oxygen monitoring.Best watch in its category. Loving it..Must buy for Iphone usersI love it and it works great. I love The color and everything that it does.such a pretty color and the watch does alot of health tracking which i loveGreat I Watch.  Works great. Added stainless steel watch band.purchased this for my wife for her birthday to upgrade from her 1gen watch, she loves it!Excellent product by apple. Battery life is exceptionalPurchased watch as a gift for a family member love the fall detector has already been of great assist.
Awesome watch, fast with many watch faces.  I purchased an open box in Like New condition, and saved a few dollars.Love this item. Provides many critical benefits. 
Measures your heart rate reminds you to be mobile keep appointments received messages and tell time and allows calls and texts. It’s amazing it’s my second one.Easy to use, comfortable. Pairs quickly with your iPhone. Would be nice if it included basic instructions and a cube for plugging in.Love this watch. Does everything and more that it is expected to do.Love this watch! I have wanted to get an Apple Watch for awhile and I finally decided to get this one. Easy to set up and use. Better than expected.Got this for my brothers graduation and he loved it so much he’s always admiring itWorks well. Been about over 2 months, but expensive.I absolutely love my new Apple Watch.  This is the 2nd Apple Watch I have owned, the first being the 1st apple came out with.  This watch does everything I want it to do.  Comfortable to wear, attractive and functions perfectly.Great watch! I use it to track workouts. Easy to get messages and answer phone calls from your wrist.Beautiful watch and excellent quality , use it everydayVery helpful tech
Makes travel easier
Watch time y’allWatch is great… keeps accurate details
Fit comfortablyBought this new Apple Watch for my wife as I have really been pleased with the one I got a few weeks ago.  At first she was skeptical about it’s benefits but she has now found  the heath aspects are very helpful.  It functions beautifully.Huge step up from my apple series 2 watch.  The larger display is great.  My phone is always on silent so having the vibration from the watch to let me know when I have a notification is very convenient.Terrific watch-this is an upgrade from a series 4 watch. I would recommend if you have a series 3 or 4 Apple Watch. There are lots of new features from the older versions. My preorder arrived exactly on the release date. It was a great experience and I’ve now got an amazing watch.absolute love! if only the battery lasted a little longer.Gave them to my wife for a birthday present. In the past she had a Fitbit, but this smart watch is so much better. It also works with her iPhone witch is something she was looking for. She loves this watch!  Think I may but one for myself.The watch was really nice but I returned it.  I wanted a larger screen.Excellent watch. Very user friendly and gave us easy to see!Loving our Apple watches, I got this one for my wife and she got me the 45mm in black.  Comfort is better since I purchased some aftermarket bands for the watch.  The standard one is ok, but the new ones are just a better fit.
Had to return my original purchase and get a replacement.  The first one had trouble staying connected during my workouts.  I kept having to re-enter my password and resume my workout.  I tried all of the recommended steps, but finally gave up and exchanged it.  The new one is working much better. I should have exchanged it earlier and saved myself alot of frustration!Super helpful and got to my location within a couple of days. One of my favorite purchases yet!Their winning design and fit, improved bass performance, effective noise cancellation and excellent call quality make these earbuds a top true-wireless choiceI gave this as gift, they loved it. So many great features.My girlfriend loves this. It has so many uses and functions to list. She is always learning new things and keeps discovering stuff.Really comes in handy such as checking time and receiving text messages!Great fit my daughter loves it. She has had 2 other Apple watches.Love it! Easy to set up and use. Love the features on the 7.Fits perfectly best purchase.
Fits perfectly best purchase.Awesome watch. Didn't think my wife would like it. She didn't. SHE LOVES IT!  She said it's more useful and cooler than what she thought. Thanks Apple. I'm an android guy but whatever makes my wife happy, I'm good with that.good fitting and looks like good , good feature and systemI don’t know. This was purchased for my wife as a Christmas gift. She seems to be happy with it. Only issue is she has to take it off to charge it and it dies  it the middle of the night so it doesn’t track her sleep.So I went from a Series 1 (which finally died after years of use) to a Series 7. Wow! Major improvements! Hoping this one will last for a while!I love my Apple Watch series 7. Got a great deal on it and it’s worth the money.Great digital  watch.  Great functionality and durability.Apple does it again. This is by far the best Apple Watch to date.Purchased this for a parent so we could be alerted of falls.  Gives us great peace of mind!Great purchase , I really enjoying my watch ,thanksWonderful product!  Between my wife and me, we’ve owned three other Apple watches. Apple continues to improve their products. I can’t imagine how they’ll make it better than this one but I’m sure they will—and I bet I’ll get that one!My wife loves it. Her favorite feature is when she silences her phone, it silence her watch also.
I love my watch & I''m still getting use to it. I like that I can keep track of my health.Best Apple Watch yet. Stays lit partially all the time. Easy to read. No longer trying twist your wrist to seeI purchased the watch as a gift and the person who received the gift was very happy.Gifted a Series 7 watch to my girlfriend since she needed and upgrade and you can’t go wrong with this watch. It’s great!Great watch and it last long and I would recommend it to anyone.Love my Apple Watch and best place to buy it is Best BuySatisfied with the price for this product. HelpfulLove it! Some many features that I never knew were there.Good product,  just upgraded to newer apple watch.Love this watch so much ended up getting one for my sonGreat…………………………………. ………………………………. ……………………………….…,.Overall a useful product, screen gets scratched a little easily, would be helpful if it automatically detected workouts a little better.I love this purchased, it’s the perfect size and everything is useful for my work.I love my Apple Watch. I can do everything on my watch that I can do on my iPhone.This is a great estch and ot helps with ypur health it was a very good price a d it will let you know how many stepts you take on a day i recommend this to everyoneExcellent watch!!!… Exceeded my expectations. Best watch ever.Good item with better price. And customer service with best buyNew watch for my daughter. Get her to start counting her steps.My wife just did a transition from Android to Apple. So she got the new phone in December and I bought the Apple watch to go with it. She loves the watch and especially the size. I made brownie point of this gift!!I Love it.  I wear it everyday and get so many compliments on the way it looks on my arm.
I love my watch it’s amazing. I really getting the most out of it.Better functionality from the version I upgraded from. Seamlessly integrated into my other Apple devices. Love the color options too.My wife loves it! It tells time and has apps and all that good stuff!Love my watch!! It’s exactly what I wanted to help me exercise and keep up with my stepsI am very pleased with the watch . It does a lot of functions that are helpful to me .  I do wish the battery life was longer .I would recommend this watch to everyone. A great smart watch!Great service - very knowledgeable - we were looking for an Apple Watch and we were surprised how easy it was to review and purchase.Love it!!  It's a perfect watch for me.  I love that it can run ECG'S on my heart.Purchased this as a wedding gift for my wife. She loves it! Works well and screen is really clear!I upgraded from a series 5 to this series 7. I love everything about this watch, especially being to take oxygen readings. It’s perfect for me, so glad I upgraded.My wife got this one. It became the everyday watch for her.Awesome watch. User friendly apps. Good to keep fitness on track.Apple watch is amazing. Like to wear it and blends with ur outfits.Just as expected! Like New in Excellent condition!I had an iWatch 2 that was on its last legs, but had served me well for many years, so I didn't hesitate to get another once the time came.  So far very happy with purchase.Bright this watch fit a gift and they love it. Plus it their favorite colorLove the series 7 Apple Watch. Does so many useful and fun things!!Absolutely fabulous. Definitely recommend. BeautifulThis is a great watch! Some of my favorite features include:  fitness tracker, measuring heart rate, and measuring blood oxygen levels. It pretty much does everything a smart phone does!Awesome watch love it. Enjoying knowing how many steps I take everyday ,also amazed at how it thinks I have falls. When I bend over
excellent watch; attractive, functional, perfect for active user.We purchased 2 Apple Watch Series 7.  One was a replacement for series 4.  We both love all they do and the new bands are so much more secure and comfortable.It came in handy. I use it all the time. I also like that I can change the band on it.Easy to find way around. It’s the right size not too big. I access my steps, workout length, and my heart rate. I generally go at least 2 days without having to recharge it.Bought this watch for a Christmas present to replace a Series 3. The feedback is amazing. Some differences are small but are in a big way. This watch is just a better watch over the series 3 for her day to day use of it.Good quality and performance helps me in everyday while im workingGreat watch! Cool features. Battery last longer than my Apple Watch 3 did.She lover her watch ..............................I am a fan of this watch however it was purchased( both of them) as Christmas presents for the grand daughters. So I cannot review any aspect other than the purchase and obviously you already know what a fan of Best Buy I...errr.we are. ThanksThis watch is unbelievable and with so many extras it’s hard to keep track of.As advertised. Very accurate and versatile. Multiple functions.Having fun trying to learn all about this watch.  Still don't know all the things about it, but just keep checking it out.  Glad I made the purchaseLove my new Apple Watch with green band; charges very fast!Excellent product, luckily found at this BB location.
Thank you so much!Bought for daughter's birthday last month and she loves it.Works great as you would expect.  I love the fitness aspects and the tight integration with my phone.  If you are in the Apple ecosystem, this is a very nice addition to your collection.Love the watch! Made a perfect gift :) Would definitely purchase again!Nice quality product. Annoying that it has to be charged at least once every 24 hrs. When I take it off, I forget to put it back on and then my steps goal is not met. FitBit only has to be charged every five + days. Also, Fitbit is better at detecting when you run or bike. Apple asks after a while but doesn't go back to the outset of the run so when you forget to tell it you are running, only a part of it is recorded. In conclusion, unless you want a watch that can play w your aps, I would get a FitBitGreat product. Amazing battery life. Overall one of the best purchases i’ve made this year.Very happy.  A definite upgrade from my fossil watch
I'm super happy with my watch and grateful I found the last one at my local BestBuy. I'd been thinking about a watch for a few years, but since I don't regularly wear a watch, I wasn't excited about the idea. That has all changed now, and I love this watch!Nice watch. Display is clear and touch screen is accurate. Setup was easy. Best Buy was great as we needed to return the original one that was Blue for the this one. The color was not as represented on apples web site.So easy to set up and connect.  Nice to have the latest health readings .Apple Watch 7 series watch was good in battery life and very easy to use.Great watch and a big improvement from my older generation. I am very happy with it.Love the new apple watch 7.  I had a 2 series for 6 years.Very different from previous models. Super comfortable and long lasting battery.Love it.  Just wish it had battery life that lasted several daysGood deal and very useful watch , features like monitoring are greatBeen using a series 3 and it finally gave out on me, so this was the biggest upgrade ever and it’s awesome! Highly recommend if you haven’t had a new one in years.excellent product very happy with it, comfortable and helps big time with my daily activities! nice apple product!This is my third Apple Watch. I love buying from Best Buy because they're customer service is amazing.Everything that I was looking for. Recommend to anyone looking for an apple watch to purchase.This is my third Apple Watch but my first Series Seven. I LOVE MY SERIES SEVEN WATCH simply because each mile I walk it tells me the minutes and seconds.This does exactly what you think it does, I have a wider wrist so it’s tightI’ve always wanted one, it’s great. Helps me be more mindful of my daily movements and activity.Best smart watch there is at the moment. I have always been an android guy and have tried many of the watches in that eco system but Apple Watch is by far the best smart watch there is period!Does what it’s supposed to! If you need this product, get it! It works!Great watch and it looks good too, Excellent for fitnessUpgraded and got this Apple Watch. I am happy with the purchase since it is everything that was advertised.
Love my Apple Watch Series 7 which I purchased after shattering the glass on my Series 4. Like that I can link my wireless earbuds to the watch in order to listen to music when exercising. Also like the health features, such as heart rate tracking.Great watch, happy with purchase. Bought it as a gift for mothers day. Happy to say she liked the watch.I’m a big fan of the Apple Watch I had the 4 and upgraded to the 7 I like the fact it stays on all the time I like the keyboard to send messages and I like I can answer phone call and texts instantly they just need to make battery last longerThe color of watch is sleek. Love the EKG and everything else!The color of watch is sleek. Love the EKG and everything else!Very nice upgrade from Samsung watch.  Just like everything it has its pros and cons. In my case this is meeting my expectations. Long battery life is a plusBest apple watch I've owned to date! The new screen is incredibleEnjoy this watch, however, it's not a significant improvement over the previous two generations.I never thought I would like an Apple Watch. It has been a great help and so much fun trying to get in shape.   I love the find my phone button. Game changer!!!Really love apple watches. I would recommend this watchLove this watch got it for a good price. Will recommendAm loving it,  great product so far so good .
It came out great giftFantastic! Works great with great features! Wife approves!Many features that I have not even begun to really use yet.  Battery life could be betterGood product 
Apple Watch 7 love love love love loveI am super happy with my purchase as it has a wide array of functions.  Only complaint is the battery life as it needs to be charged almost every day but other than that I love it!I love this watch. I traded in my Apple watch 3 series for this one. I could have saved some money if I had made up my mind in buying this watch during thanksgiving. Still it is a worthy buy. Only downside there are apps which will drain your battery, Switch off the ones which you don't need which help to an extend. I love the screensize. Very convenientLove the new blue in the IWatch 7. Item was not in stock but arrived at my house 2 days later. Easy to set up. 
Salesperson was so kind and helpful with my purchase even though they were short staffed.Good item for the price and what it does. I’m very happy with the ourchasegood product, very good service, the person who attended us very kindly his name is preston
The Apple Watch Series 7 (GPS) 41mm Midnight Aluminum Case with Midnight Sport Band - Midnight is a great product from Apple and would recommend it.Fun watch and very useful. I like using this for reading text messages as well when my phone is not around me.Perfect for my wife for mothers day!! She loves this model alot more then her old one.In love with this purchase i am very happy with the functionsThis is my first Apple Watch and so far it has been worth the investment.My wife loves the watch, wish had bought it sooner.Love it.  Had a series 3 and loved that one as well but the bigger screen on this is amazing!   Wish the screen is more durable as I have always made the smallest little scratch in it but otherwise am very happy with it.I bought it for my wife for Mothers Day and she loves it! It is her first Apple Watch!Love Apple products the watch is amazingThis is my second Apple Watch I purchased one for myself a few years ago and I had to get one for my granddaughter she wanted one she loves itWas on the fence about buying a smart watch. Wasn't sure how much I'd use it. After a few months, I can say its one of my favorite purchases I've ever made!Never thought I could use this but I love it and very happy with itLove it! It was so easy to set up as Apple products every time. The apple watch is very easy to wear and very flexible for me to use at work and during the day.  I never take it off.This is a good watch . I gave this as a gift to my daughter. She loves it.Wife can’t get enough of the Apple Watch. Easy to talk on calls even without her holding phone or watch to her mouth I could hear clearly. Great battery life. Use is simple if you know apple but anyone can learnGave it to the wife as a Christmas present & she loves it. Now she’s able to track all her exercise routine. Apple Watch is a good investment for your health if used properly.I ordered this watch for my wife. 1 watch was not working but another is working.Excellent product, if you want a good watch, this is the oneGreat experience all around.  Rebate offered by Best Buy was also a plus!Excellent bigger screen and better connectivity to my iPhone than my previous model.Thanks for the service i love the comunication thanks
Overpriced if it wasn’t because I got accustomed to the fitness app I would not have purchased this watchAnother fantastic but from best buy.  I gave my niece an upgrade from her previous I watch. She loves everything about it.Love this watch. The refresh rate is something to get used to when you’re working out, and the always on display takes a bit of getting used to when you’re sleeping / trying to sleep but overall I absolutely love this watchI love my new Apple Watch series 5. I find it very useful to have it on when I don’t keep my phone near by. I use it in the gym to reach my activity goals. I also find it very convenient to go on the apps.Just changed over from Fitbit I love how it does everything fitbit did plus way more since I have iPhone it works seamlessly with it One drawback is battery lifeI purchased as a gift for my wife, a reluctant adopter. After a few days she loves the Watch. It’s great for tracking health and exercise activities.  The battery life is better than previous versions. I highly recommend this Watch.Great watch helps me with my work outs, monitors my heart rate, I can call and text with it. And it even tells time.Nice design and modern colors. Excellent presentationI bought this watch for my daughter for her 16th birthday. She absolutely LOVES it!I am very Surprised, this Apple watch is outstanding!bought this for my wife for Christmas. it was an upgrade from her series 3. apple keeps getting better for everyday health a communication in their watches. just need work on their battery life now.Best in smartwatches by far. Midnight color highly recommended.I was very disappointed in the watch.   I had purchased it for the blood oxygen sensor.   I have COPD and need to monitor that level on occasion.   The readings were extremely inaccurate.   It rarely gave a reading below 90% and the low readings were the ones I needed to know.   So I returned the watch.I love the Awesome watch.  It not only tracks my fitness but lets me know when some one is at my front door, when I have messages or a video chat. There are too many pluses to count. I am enjoying it very much.Watch was a nice upgrade from my Series 4. Also glad to see my stainless steel watch bands are working with this new watch.This is a great gift and a great watch for fathers daySince I can't have my phone out at work, the apple watch allows me to know if someone is trying to reach me.  I like the option to make the print on the face of the watch big so that I can see it better.This is one of the best watches I’ve got I’m really happy with itNice watch works great screen is big Great quality highly recommend oneI don’t know how long I survived without this. I purchased it to monitor my heart health and has helped me be more aware of what is going on with my health. Love this thing.
Good upgrade from series 6. Bucks irks well and looks niceI wore a fitbit for the past 8 years or so. I love the iwatch but certain apps won’t work on my iPad so I can’t monitor things without  checking my phone or watch. The fitbit app that tracks heart, sleep, steps taken, food, water, etc is much better than the iwatch app. I love the watch but the fitbit app is superior in my opinion. If the app was better I would give it 5*. The fitbit also held a charge up to 3 days. I can’t get a day out of iwatchOperates smoothly. Battery life is great, I charge it about every other day. Love the new health features compared to the last series.I got it for my wife. She’s not a tech person nor did she ever wear watches before this purchase. She loves this watch. It’s so convenient for her she’s attached to it now.I have very happy with the product no complaints to the makers been a very useful product. definitely a buy for any fitness concernGreat watch, has all the functions as the I-phone. And very convenient. Must have.Great great great great great better than good it’s greatIt's great and charges super fast. I replaced with series 3and has all the new features for blood oxygen level and ECG.  The screen reader is very comfortable on my hand. Love it.Awesome watch. Apple products are good. Can’t beat it with any other product. This watch is amazing.I needed a new watch and stumbled upon this Apple Watch.Upgraded my wife’s Apple Watch from her series 5. Change over was a breeze and she was trying out all her new features in less than an hour. Works as advertised and a really great product.It’s a fantastic watch and works seamlessly with her other apple productsProbably Apple's least expensive high tech marvel. It's hard to consider non-smart watches, or even other smart watches after using any of the current smart watch offerings from Apple; and this Watch 7 is the best of the bunch.I am really very pleased with my new Apple Watch .Amazing love it. Much better then previous versionBoth this for my wife and she loves it.it has everything she needs and moreWife loves it.  Says it is the best mothers day gift I have ever given her.I absolutely love my Apple Watch 7. I love the bigger screen size for the faces I choose to use. The ease and quickness of checking my oxygen level is fantastic. Same for the electrocardiogram. It’s all the quality I expect from a Apple.Its very good i lovit i hop they blieed new i phone whach its very importanta becsuse its help me alot tha ksOverall I really like it, my only issue with it is that the band can irritate my skin when I wear it during work and it starts to get hot (warehouse). It’s not unbearable though and I don’t have any other complaints
Excellent watch and offers many features to improve your health.Love the watch and all the features. Works well for everyday use.Love it!!  Replaced old fitbit with my new Apple Watch!great watch i like the always on screen display and new watch faces.Bought this for my wife, she had older one that she broke. she was lost without it so that gave me good plan for ChristmasThe Apple Watch exceeded my expectations! I love it! It has become a part of me.I am very happy with my Apple Watch Series 7. It does all I expected plus more. It was expensive but it was what I wanted.Got this for my wife to replace her iwatch 4. She loves it. Battery lasts longer and charged faster than older models but varies by how much activity is occurring.I bought this as Christmas gift, i personally think it’s the same as any other Apple Watch, i do however like that the screen is slightly bigger and it has more features than the series 3 and series SE.Upgrade from Apple Watch 5. Although the watch is only 1 mm size different the screen size difference seems so much more than that!  Otherwise, it responds da quickly and set up was a breeze using my iPhone!I was worried I wouldn't like it, but it is comfortable and looks good with every outfit.I love my new Apple Watch My favorite is keeping track of my exercise stand and movement each day The battery life is excellentNice watch for an electronic timepiece. Still like my analog Breitling best. Not entirely intuitive to get around,  I can eventually get there.Love this watch. I had the 3 forever and just decided to finally upgrade.Arrived in perfect condition and Arrived before timenice..................................................Love the new Apple Watch. Had the 2 series and wore it daily for 4-5 years. Love the newer seriesWhat to say that hasn't been said before by tens of thousands of users. It's the best in businessI bought this for my wife for Christmas. At first she wasn't sure she needed it but, after it was set up and synced to her phone, she realized how beneficial it was. She is using it a lot and loves itI love the watch - I love using it to answer my phone.  Wearing it I am far more conscious of my activity level, and I like the pauses for meditation.  I am still trying to learn to use it.  The reason for the rating is that it continues to be a struggle to use many of the features.
excellent watch, birthday gift for my daughter, she's been wanting onI love this watch… I love how it looks and love the color…I like playing with the walkie talkie feature…love that I can see who is texting me as I work without having to hold my phone in hand at work…Awesome product, great looking nice watch easy to useVery happy with my Apple Watch other than the low battery life.   Comfortable to wear with many options for the face.Love this watch!  Received as a Christmas gift. 
Flaws:  Battery life is not great.  Requires a daily charge
             Needs a build in sleep monitor, not an add on app.Father in law loves this watch.  Initially he said he didn’t think need one and now he can’t live without it!!Very nice watch my wife really enjoys it. It is much nicer than her old watch.MY WATCH IS JUST GREAT I LOVE IT I LOVE IT GONNA PURCHASE ANOTHER ONEFantastic!  I honestly cannot believe how vivid the red is, it’s fantastic!Awesome quality. Zippy performance. Good battery lifeGreat product. Geek Squad does not know this product.Barely can notice it is green except for in direct light. Of course I like the green when you can see it. I am pleased with it. Note it’s the case abs band that are green.Love the new Apple Watch fits my lifestyle perfectlyI love it especially when you busy at work and can’t get to your phone!Great product and quality. Just shipping was late even when they said 2 days came in 3 daysLove it, work well. The battery doesn’t last long, but I keep charging it up.I ordered the Apple watch and picked it up the next day. Pick up was fast and easy.The size upgrade was nice and the thinner bezels make it look a lot bigger. This was a minor upgrade from the 6 so if you have Series 6 already, just wait for the next one since there are NO new sensors added.Love all the features and color and the battery durabilityI love this watch, not to big or small for my wrist.
Great product, easy to understand.
happy to got thisThat’s great inconvenient and I guess thing to have a goodGreat watch to have. We are happy with the product.Excellent product by Apple. Must have for daily fitness tracking.Had purchased the Apple Watch 3 which was an upgrade from my 2 but took it back to get the 7apple never disappoints. color is great and works perfectly. awesome saleReally liked the display size and the always on displayThis Apple Watch is a savior, My mom felt to the floor wasn’t able to respond . The Apple Watch called 911 and Emergency arrive to her home.I needed an Apple Watch to track a heart issue. I like all of the tracking abilities the watch provides, just wish the battery life was as good as my Garmin for running.It’s pretty cool, works very well like new :) love it so farI am very happy with my new Apple Watch. It arrived when posted just as describedGreat size for smaller wrists. Different color vs what most people have. Slim and fast.Great product.  A lot of apps available for health watch.Great style and functionality! Always love Apple quality.This is the second Apple Watch broke the original. This is a great upgrade.Bought this watch for my wife as her old Series 3 was having a lot of issues.  Great watch and what is expected from Apple.Best price,amazing gift for my wife,she loved it..Love my new Apple Watch much better then my last one.Love my watch if it only checked blood pressure it would be perfectWatch did not include a USB(c) adapter for recharging. Should already come with the appropriate adapter
An anniversary present for my wife she loves it!!!Absolutely love my new watch! It’s definitely a great upgrade from my previous series 3 which I loved as well!I was debating to choose between the SE and the 7 they are similar to an extent, but the features i need were all in the series 7! Got my moneys worthI love it, I had an old one and it was time to upgrade -I like it. Works great so far. Easy purchase easy pickupLike Apple watches. They are easy to use and work great.Great upgrade from my Series 3. Good battery life and also love the always on display.I love this watch!!!!  The Heart rate and EKG functions are awesome!Great product. Extremely happy with my purchase. Love Apple product.The Apple Watch Series 7 provides encouragement and progress indicators. I really enjoy “closing my rings” in the Activity app.Love it! At first it took me some time to figure it out. I’m still trying to figure it out. But now I have a better grasp for it. So usefulThe display is really good with the always on displayWorks great. I really recommend to anyone who wants oneLove it!! Worth every penny, would recommend to anyonedoes so many things. We bought it to replace an old fitbit watch. Just wished it tracked 24/7 instead of when you start the tracker.I have held out for years on purchasing an apple watch. It is better than I expected.Bought for a gift at Christmas. She loves it and is now an official convert from the fit bit. These are great add on companions to your iPhone.Great product!  Wish the battery would last more than 24 - 36 hours.Love it.  I am all “Appled”
So the watch was a great additionExcellent watch very practical and useful   No regrets
This product is better than my old watch. I’m still learning to operate better.I bought this as a Christmas gift for my mom. She seems to really like it. It's like any other smart watch. This one has GPS only.I love this watch.  The face is a little bigger which is nice.  I use it for swimming. The only downside is that it won't count any kicking drills so that throws off the times.Could not be happier! Got an open box deal on this little baby and so glad I did, it was practically brand new and I save a couple of bucks. Works like a charm. I am finally up to code with all my Apple gear!I love it, so usefull for answering calls and changing my music!Comfortable, easy to read.
helpful Fitness reminders,
comfortable band
I wish battery would last longer then a dayNice large screen in comparison to my previous series 3.Really enjoy the always on display and use it daily for tracking my heartrate while using my Peloton or running outside. Definitely recommend.What to say, gave as gift to wife and rest is history.Great item I love it . Best present ever ! Mom love itGreat watch with larger screen. Open box excellent condition was basically like new.Great I watch  at a great price.  Highly recommend purchase at BB.loving the product. it was backordered when I placed the order and I wasn't sure how long it would take but I had it in weeks vs months. My first Apple watch and I'm loving it. wish the battery would last longer.Beautiful watch a gift for my sister and she loves it nice big screen and great features I will buy another one for me and will recommend to othersI love the watch it works great for me. The battery runs out very quickly so it sometimes needs to be charged more than once a day.Love my knew larger watch. Great that it’s water proof.I love my watch. I should have gotten the 45mm insteadMy wife loves this watch! Very well made! So much it does.Recommend if you’re always on the go. Glad the battery last longer now.Apple watch series 7 green , most reliable amazing watch at an affordable price
Great watch. a recommended buy to anyone who is searhing for one.This is my first apple watch.  It is really comfortable and very easy to pair.Durable and comfortable. Very satisfied with the purchase.I have used the Samsung Galaxy but nothing to beat Apple.My wife loves her new green  apple watch series 7 (gps) 41mm.... Great Purchase!I use it everyday for multiple features it has bundled with. Notifications, health etc. in this version 7 oxygen reader is helpful too. 
I love it.Apple watch always my favorite one's. Finally I purchased this and enjoying it.Apple products are just great, nothing to ad, if you are an apple fan, need one of this.Excellent product, easy to set up, works great!  Love the ability to change the watch face as well.Got this for my husband for his birthday. He is using and enjoying many of the features.The updates and changes from my 5 are great!! So happy I bought thisMY MOTHER LIKES HER WATCH. SHE NOW KEEPS UP WITH HER HEALTH AND ABLE TO RECORD IT.I really like it. It's a great quality product. Ive dropped on the screen from around 4ft up and it still didn't break. The new charging speed is crazy and the 20% bigger screen is noticeable.Great watch upgrade from series 4 to 7 and Best Buy team in store is always there to help
Really appreciate help and support by Grapevine storeGreat watch, much better than the Gen1 that I had replaced with this one.I love my new watch, upgraded from a series 2 to 7. Much faster, longer battery life, answers phone quickly and can hear much clearer when answering a call.Highly standardized watch with many more quality futures.Great watch that works in sync with the other apple devices that I have. Abel to set something on my Mac and it is also in my watch.Wife loves the watch and uses alll the time. Thank you.  Easy curbside pickup tooExcellent product. Just like every other Apple product, this is worth every penny! Quality over quantity
Love my Apple Watch! Syncs easily with my iPhone. Great for when I go workout at the gym or on my daily walks to help me keep track.This is so nice, I got my item easily with no delayLove love love my Apple Watch. It does all that it says it doesGreat product I should have got it a long time ago.Purchased this for my mom on Mother’s day & she loves it!Great watch; include so many features. I recommend!Good ítem… Great for Outdoors… Not good for water sports…Love it. It’s way better than the 3 series because of display size. Actuality it’s better. I didn’t want another 3 so I decided on it and went from therelove my watch. went with the smaller face and am very satisfied. It's not overwhelming on may armZero issues a month or so in. Very happy with my purchase - 2nd-time Apple Watch buyer and I love them!Great watch, does more than I expected.  The screen quality is top notch.  Images come out crystal clear.Great watch I couldn’t ask for a better product! 
I love itAmazing apple watch, I have been using this for less than two weeks and it is very good.  This device was an upgrade from my Apple Watch Series 3.I love it. Can’t do without it,  change the wrist band occasionally.Best watch ever works very well awesome appearanceGood product… works like it supposed to…..love the colorLove it!  Given to me by my family as a surprise!!excellent product with an unknown advantage. survived lot of roughness and are still working perfectlyexcellent product with an unknown advantage. survived lot of roughness and are still working perfectlyThe Apple Watch has helped me monitor my activity levels.  I started using it with the Apple Fitness + and have actually enjoyed it.
I just recently purchased this and I like it so far. The color is beautiful and the overall design is the same as previous ones.Definitely a nice upgrade from my last Apple Watch.Great smart watch, works amazing but if you own the 6th gen then don’t upgrade because is the same thing as the 7th gen, the only thing I don’t like about it is the lack of Watch faces but other than that is a great watchExcellent watch designed to detail. A good fit for my fitness sessionI love the Apple Watch. I upgraded from Apple watch 6 to Apple watch 7. Although the difference is very subtle still it makes a huge difference. The screen looks bigger and better.Excellent Smartwatch from Apple. Incorporates fitness tracking, health-oriented capabilities, and wireless telecommunication, and integrates with iOS and other Apple products and services.excellent watch. it is working like it is supposed to.Love this watch ‼️‼️‼️ Love the fact that it is like my iPad and my phone all in oneThis product is very good quality. I am happy to buy this product. Glad that I bought the protection plan at reasonable cost.I love my new watch.. does everything I need it to do and very helpful to keep up with my steps!I had an android and went back to Apple. I definitely can see the big upgrade if I compare my old iWatch 3 compared to this one.Awesome watch, love the health app. So convenient to access email and text messagesI have enjoyed this watch so much. I love that I can send and receive texts right from my watch. The only thing that I don't like is the battery life only last a day. But it charges very fast.A very beautiful gadget with great funcionalities.Love my watch a lot. I am happy i up graded form the 5Love my new watch! This watch is perfect for me and my job!I needed a updated watch to track everything, I love the color and the way it work!Apple quality with the Apple price. Yes, it's expensive, but a solid performer. The additional data provided over the Series 4 model is well worth it.Great pickup order-fast and easy! Loved the process and the watch looks greatFirst of all, my order arrived in a timely fashion. Actually faster than I expected it to. I purchased this for my son and he loves it so far. So I'm happy with my purchase.
The settings can be finicky with running (auto-pause and accidental ending of a workout are a problem), but overall the functionality with iPhone makes this a good all-around device. If Garmin watches had better media integration, I would prefer them for working out.The bigger screen is very helpful and I could use my old straps easily.Didn’t come charged, but has been of great use. Easy to set up and use.I love my Apple products! I went from at series 3 to a 7 and I’m glad I made the change.Great watch compared to my last one which was a 4.It’s a good item I really like it it helps me in my day to day activitiesThe watch is excellent and my granddaughter loves it.I love my Apple Watch. It works great with my iPhone.I absolutely love my watch!!!  It’s definitely a game changer!!!Bought as a gift for my wife. She loves it. Was shocked by the clarity when she calls me thru the watch. Sounds crystal clear.It works great!  Does what I wold like it to do, and fits with anything that I wear.I bought this for my daughter, she loves it! 100% recommend it.I love this watch. Can't believe I waited so long to get one.I love my apple series 7 watch its exactly what I expectedI upgraded from a 3 to a 7 and really enjoying everything.Great watch! So glad I upgraded from the 4 to the 7.Got this for my wife and she really likes to wear itLoveee it!!! Tracks what I need and easy to use!!!It’s much better than the 5.  I like the idea that you can monitor your heart.I left Apple Watch and went to Garmin because they had a longer battery life .  Now I am back to Apple.  Love the fact I can answer a phone call.  I do wish the battery life was longer on the Apple Watch.
I left Apple Watch and went to Garmin because they had a longer battery life .  Now I am back to Apple.  Love the fact I can answer a phone call.  I do wish the battery life was longer on the Apple Watch.this is awesome , wish I got this long ago , absolutely love itI really like my new Apple Watch. It was exactly as described on line. Best Buy delivered fast and in excellent shape. ThanksUpgraded from a series 5 and honestly I was surprised how much quicker and nicer feeling this one is. The wrap around screen really takes it a notch further too. Worth it for sure!Really nice watch,  Definitely will return to buy anotherThe associate that assisted me was awesome and gave the items I was looking for.Enjoying the blood oxygen and Heart Rate measurements.The best apple watch yet. That full size screen is really amazing. Go check out and try both size first before buying because the 41mm is more than enough formost people.What can I say, it's a nice watch. It's like having a phone on your wrist. Apple always comes through.Great product for the price and the open box is like brand newThis jawn dope. Very dope jawn indeed 13 characters leftI love this watch it’s amazing I got it for Mother’s DayThe best Apple Watch to date, great job apple happy customerLove the larger Watch face size and all of the new faces, holds much more info than my Apple Watch 3.Wonderful! Such an upgrade from my series 3.  Ekg & O2 monitor are great.  Although, I Wish the battery would last longer than a day.I love my watch so much! It’s very convenient at work where I can’t keep my phone on me but I can have my watch to keep me updated. I also love that it tracks my activity.Work great, only had it for short time, will update review at later date.My first time buying a smart watch and is a must have for your daily life. Super excited with all the health tracking options it offers.I mean it's a "smartwatch", nothing particularly special about it. I only purchased it for the ECG & heartrate monitoring features. I can say that it's much nicer than the 2 Fitbit devices I've had in the past.Wish the different size bands cane with it and not sold separately
Good apple product, as always. No problems with shipping.This is my third Apple Watch and it definitely is better, especially the battery life. The screen is slightly bigger but my old watch bands still fit. It’s also nice to be able to type a response on it as well.Love it!!! Works well and has become a staple in my life.. :)The blue is very nice the silver band works great on itGreat watch that support all basic usage of day to day activitiesIt's the best smart watch in business. No comparison to it's close competitionUpdated my Apple Watch. New size and color. Love itI have been through several fit bit and Samsung watches.  Nothing works so flawlessly with my I-phone.  I am amazed!APPLE WATCH SERIES 7 (GPS)
VERY GOOD WATCH, APPRECIATED ALL OF THE HELP FROM 
YOUR SALES PERSON AND THE SET UP CREW.  LOVE IT!!Upgraded my wife’s 4 series watch to this one and she loves itExactly what I wanted.it replaced an iwatch 3.  I would recommend.I love it. The battery life could be better but overall, it has everything I need and I use it EVERY SINGLE DAY, especially at work.Easy to set up. Syced with my iPhone without any issues.After putting it off for years, I finally capitulated and bought an iWatch. Purchased for a fitness program, but am constantly finding cool new uses for it. Not nearly as complicated as I imagined it could be and I have a pretty good imagination.Very pleased!  First Apple Watch, glad I waited for the bells and whistles that I’ve grown to depend on daily.Absolute love my Apple Watch! I use it daily. Def best purchaseMust buy this watch if you need to monitor your healthI upgraded my series 2 to the 7. Well worth the changePresent for my mom and she loves it. Would recommendGood excellent mass reviews for this one love it good
Love it. I needed a step tracker and checked out several. This was the best choice for me. I also sell Apple Watchbands so win-win!Great product. I wear it daily and use it for all kinds of things. Download the FordPass app and I am able to lock unlock and start my vehicle from my watch.Does much more than my 3 yo iwatch.  Not happy about the blood oxygen ap as I can’t get it to work.  All others are working well.  Easy to move Aps around. Siri can make calls for you without pushing buttonsGreat product That I would recommend to anyone. The ability to use your watch as a phone and keep up-to-date with texts and a kind of physical activity is a huge plus.Love the new updated Apple Watch! Really helps me to track my fitness and HR. I really like to use this when I mountain bike!great device to track health metrics. Wish the battery last much longer.Love this version of the Apple Watch. I was skeptical about the starlight color but now I love it!Apple Watch works with precision! Love the variety of screens.I am not an apple product person and I bought this for my friend. The moment I took a glimpse of some of the features of it,makes me wanna get one too.Excellent buy I love my new watch it does everything I was looking forI love my watch.  So many times I’ve used it’s H2O testing and heart and pulseMy Mom uses this watch daily and is really enjoying it. The Apple Watch series 7 has been extremely helpful.Best smart watch out there, I’ve been using Apple Watch for a while now and just upgraded to series 7. The bigger screen is and rounded edges are awesome.Best smart watch in the market. This apple watch 7 has everything that one would look for in a smart watch. I bought it as a Christmas gift for my wife and she loves it.!!!We love it! She was so surprised when she opened it.My new iPhone was no longer compatible with my first gen watch so I upgraded to this one and love it just as muchLove it so far. It’s light and fits well in my wristBought this watch for my daughter for Christmas and she loves it.Wanted a new Apple watch for my wife to use with her new Ipad and iPhone.  She loves it!  Works great with other Apple products.More than I expected to be honest, turned this 52 year old into a watch guy for the first time in his life
Absolutely love this for my 84 year old mom. I wanted the fall detection and for her to see how many steps she takes a day. Easy house for her after a few tutorialsGreat watch that I purchased for my wife that she really neededThis is a wonderful watch. My daughter truly enjoys the benefits and function that this gadget provides from her school activity to every day uses. I recommend buying this series 7 watch to everyone!The new Series 7 is a significant improvement from prior versions.  The form factor alone is improved with the new glass configuration allowing better viewing.Love it. I do not have to dig in my purse or pocket to answer my phone anymore.Love my new Apple Watch! Discovered not having a cell Watch was ok, my cell phone is usually near by.It was in great condition works great, I loved it..excellent product, very satisfied with the purchaseI think the battery could last a little longer , however it was a good purchaseLove my new Apple Watch.  Lists of added features!I have never had an Apple Watch before and I received it for the holiday.  I am more than pleased with it and wished I would of purchased one a long time ago.Love it, fits my wrist and keeps me informed. Classy yet discreet.Great value. This watch has everything that I have been looking for.this is my 3rd and only because they keep getting better!If you own an Apple iPhone this is a must-have the way connects to the phone is nice and simple and it gives you useful information so I definitely suggestedgreat watch. Has everything that you'll ever need.Our daughter is very pleased  with her Christmas gift. It was very easy to set up and connect with her iPhone. 
This has all the bells and whistles she was asking for.good watch, like the always on screen, and comfortable.Works good, I haven’t had a problem with it since I bought itLove my new Apple Watch.   This is a upgrade from my first generation of Apple Watch.   I even tripped the other day and my watch adked me if I was ok…also battery charge is great…
The apple watch looks great and I am able to upload pictures of my baby.  When you carry the baby you are able to answer your phone and that is a very practical reason for purchasing this item.  Also great when setting alarms and not startling the baby.After 3+ years with a series 3 it was time to upgrade. Everything added I wanted.Bought this for my wife to replace her old Apple Watch. She’s been very pleased with it. We’re never disappointed with an Apple product.Awesome value and great store. Nice watch. Fits wellThis is my first Apple Watch, to go with my new iPhone. I replaced my Fitbit Versa 2 that was acting up. It's comfortable and so many features.I love it, it was very easy to set up and I would definitely recommend this product to Apple lover.Nice watch. I gave it to my daughter for a Christmas gift. She loves it. Amazon had it for $20 less and Best Buy gave me the same discount. ThanksMy first smart watch and its been great so far. I really liked this productBattery life not good but otherwise it’s a great watch.Great watch apple is the best brand ever.   Great customer serviceExcellent smart watch. Super integration with other Apple devices.Convenient and accessible way to communicate for when I’m working and can’t use my iPhone. Helpful for keeping up an active lifestyle.I love Apple, but I have to say that I would like a longer battery, other than that, I can do everything from my watchMy fitness watch broke.  Husband gave me this.  So much more than a fitness tracker.  Don’t know what I did without it.I love my watch, It make me want to do more, I can do more.Very nice watch, was purchased for my daughter she says it’s very comfortable & easy to use!Love it so far open box option worked out just fine for meWife loves it! Best Birthday present since the vacuum cleaner.LOLIt’s good and I like it. Helps out when your always on the goThis was a perfect gift for my daughter.  She loves the comparability with her iPhone.
Love my watch,  was in stock and just ordered and picked it up.  Very easy and great productll screen ahead. The future of health is on your wrist. Health innovations. Dust resistant. Water resistant. Crack resistant. 45mm or 41mm case size.Busy at work and can't use your cell phone. This watch keeps me connected and helps me with my work out after work, check emails and phone calls.  You will NOT be disappointed in the awesome watch.Watch does everything my old one does with a few extra bells and whistles. The exercise counter is very sensitive and pauses easily while I’m walking. Not sure what is going on because my old one didn’t do this. Battery doesn’t last as long as my old one either.This is my second Apple Watch. Love the way it links to the phone. My old one was find except the battery was going bad. It was a series 3 bought when that series first came out.This is a great watch. Full stop. Very handy for sport tracking as well as geofencing.Great mother's day purchase for my mom! Great price!Love it!!! This watch is the best watch on the market.Improved screen with more efficient display that takes less energy. Bigger screen for same size watch. Worthwhile upgradeNight and day difference when upgraded from the series 2.  Love this watchThis was a Christmas Present.  The recipient loved it.  There are so many more functions available with the new Series 7 than available on the older version.If you have not had an Apple Watch before there are many things to learn--but this watch has many capabilities that I have yet to explore.  This is my first.Purchase for my wife to track workouts she loves it.Great watch. Great buy for people who love Apple products.Fantastic watch and functions. Don’t hesitate if your thinking about itReally loved the apple watch. Helping me to track health/activity.
It has a nice wide display compared to apple watch 6This watch works seamlessly with iPhone and helps track so muchGreat product. I like the fact that you can program a workout by walking or biking, get messages, email and texts, and health data all on 1 device.Awesome fitness tracker and watch. Easy to setup and use.Love my wrist watch , does all the specifications stated
I absolutely loved my watch! I do not regret buying it at all! Totally my favorite by far!I purchased this for my wife who absolutely loves it so much she uses it with the variety of functions it has she could connect and go whenever wherever great choice thank you.Bought three of these and all of them are working great and have many more functions than the last ones we had.It was a gift for my step-daughter. She fell in love with it after seeing my husbands. So we got her one for her BirthdayMy 1st smartwatch that connects well with my phoneIt’s 7th generation of Apple Watch and  battery life is still same as it first came out.  It limited usefulness of Watch. It’s like a Teslar with 50 miles rangeThis Apple 7 watch seems to work better than the Apple 6 when it comes to opening a MacBook or reading the pulse Ox.Great watch, love the size. Was skeptical at first but wear it dailyGreat watch. Has the apple quality that you would expect.My daughter bought this Apple Watch & she loves it very much, she use at work & glad she had it for her kind of job is just perfectIt is a great Apple Watch and looks great on my armThis is definitely the best smartwatch by miles. I have used other smartwatches but were limited or did not provided enough information. But you have to be an iPhone owner to get everything out of this watch.Wish the battery life was a little better, but definitely up from previous series.This watch is performing just as it is suppose too.This is a game changer for my daughter to use on her workouts!I like the all new features that my old apple watch 3 cant doAwesome, purchased this to track health and exercise, sleep and other related things.  Works great with my other apple products as wellBlessed 
Sensational * future voice *
Smooth
Yeaa!There is nothing better then an Apple Watch. I watch is a must buy.Excellent Purchase.  The watch fits well and operates as it is advertised.  The sleep heart rate and oxygen level readings are awesome.
Great experience and product. Wife has been wanting one. Loves the color and goes with most of her wardrobe. Bought online and did curbside pickup; effortless!GREAT PRODUCT BOUGHT THIS FOR MY WIFE AND SHE LOVE IT.Good for fitness tracking and receiving calls when your phone is away. Good battery compared to watch 3.If you are an Apple fan you will like the seven series. You can see and feel a difference. I would recommend 45mm. I purchased 41mm then ended up returning it for 45mm.Upgraded from the 3rd generation Apple Watch. Everything you’d expect from an apple product. Just with the rumors about the blood glucose monitoring and blood pressure were true.My wife loves it. She hates tech so this was huge.its great you don't have to carrie your cell phoneExcellent - glass did crack week one of wear otherwise great buyI bought this for my girlfriend, she’s had others, but really enjoys this one. She’s never disappointed, she loves her apple products.My first apple watch and really happy with it. Apple creates the best productsMy daughter loves, loves her watch! Quite the convenience! And its so pretty!Love this watch does everything i need. Get one for everyoneLove my Product Red Apple Watch. Longer battery life and the health app is great for older people.great watch and fitness.  uses new fast charger.  great for falls and gps locator for safetyI love my watch especially to keep the motivation going with my friends to stay active!Love this watch. I just wish it had a longer lasting batteryVery happy with the apple watch it helps detect a fibThis is by far the best Apple Watch I have ever ownedmy wife loves it 
  It was a Christmas gift for her. we can change the bands to match her dress . we also like the health app and exercise appLove my Apple Watch! Still learning all it can do, great product!
My daughter bought this watch on my account. And she likes it. I have series 5 and it great.This is an upgrade from my previous model, Series 2. There are several things that are a little different and quirky as compared to my old one, but overall a great product.This watch is the best ever! I have never had an apple watch and I have been loving every minute.This is a nice watch but expensive. It has many functions & many that you don’t need. My biggest complaint is the pathetic battery life. If I used many of the functions, it would keep a charge for 24 hrs. The sleep function is annoying. It shuts down the screen & then takes forever to get the face back on. I like the phone and text messaging function. I have used the health functions and like the ECG function altho it is limited. Pulse Ox seems off as does heart rate. The best function is the Find my phone which I use often. I don’t think I would buy this again & a lower end cheaper one might be better.This is my first Apple Watch and so far I really like it. There are so many great things I can do with it and there are so many more I have to learn about.I love my new watch. I replaced my Apple Watch 2. Only drawback is they don’t have adapterLoving this watch. It does so much more than I thought it would. Very attractive also.Convenient for work what can  i say the best appleI love my Apple Watch so much. I work out a lot and I’m glad to have it track everything. Also love that I can text from it especially when my phone is left upstairs.Very useful to have on, it can track my workouts/steps I make in a dayLove my new Apple Watch!  Switched from Fitbit and enjoy the extra's my apple watch has!Love this watch I’ve had several this by far is my favoriteI bought this for my wife for Christmas. I picked one up last year and liked it so much she decided she wanted one. Great product.I love my apple watch, Im not often at my desk so it helps me keep up with notifications.The apple series 7 41mm is an okay watch but is over priced. My wife is happy with it though. I use a galaxy watch 5 pro and the apple watch is very limiting compared to the samsung watch.This Apple  Watch is amazing. Geek Squad helped me set it up.  I am 80 years  old and it was a new experience for me.  I gave it a 4 instead of 5 because it  is sometimes too bossy for me.I upgraded from series 4 to series 7 because i wanted the blood o2 feature. It seems to check my o2 and heart rate through out the day. Love it! Has everything from series 4 plus more!Excellent for the price that I Paid. I'm planning to use it at work, school, training and regular fitness times.Good Apple watch but not the best. I bought it for my daughter and she loves it so much. Not for me, I need more features like blood pressure monitor and glucose monitor then it would be a perfect watch.Great product, way faster than my older Apple watch
I love the watch. Wish the battery life went a couple days tho. And would have liked the blood pressure function. This is my first Apple Watch tho and it is working well.Pretty good watch good for people on the move Is great watchWorks fine. Similar to my previous I-watch. Looks nice.excelent apple watch, I really liked, atending my expectations!I love it. Never thought I’d buy one. Total Tech was great helping me get it set up. Need to set up a schedule for charging as battery life isn’t the best.Got this for my Nurse to be Daughter. She loves it.This was one of the greatest additions to my collection of apple products because it reminded to walk around every hour and take deep breaths. ItA birthday present for My fiancé she totally loved it can’t go wrongDon’t understand all the features available.  Did not like the band at all!  It never felt secure and unfortunately my watch fell off of my wrist!  I ordered a different band and it works much better but for the price I would expect a more secure band.  Hopefully I’ll learn more about the watch as time goes on (haha).Love this watch has a lot of different setting for the face.Excellent product. Recommend the 41mm over the 45mm.Amazing upgrade from the series 3! I always have it on, it keeps me updated on everything without having to carry my phone around all the time. Huge life saverThe slight bigger screen makes a difference on this years model.Great watch with multiple functions I fine useful. Recent heart rhythm was sent from the watch to my cardiologist, seemless.Jennifer and Andrew are beyond top notch. They are extremely knowledgeable and really work to make sure you get what you need. They really care!It does not come with a new type charger block. It charges faster than the older model watch.I loved it ♥️ Best Buy is the best to buy for gadgetsExcellent make , wish had longer  battery life.Overall good if you into health and fitness aswell .This was a Christmas gift for my wife and she was beyond happy. A month later all seems well and there is big improvements with the Series 7.Should you buy an Apple Watch????
My answer was always “No, I have an iPhone”.
Wrong answer!!   This thing is awesome and does WAY more than you can imagine.   Just do it!
Wearing daily for my workouts. 
Amazing product. 
GoodUpgrade from series one! Awesome watch so much more functionality. Great improvements on watch texting! Charges so quickly and charge lasts a long time.Fit is good. Easy to navigate & find the apps you need to use.The best apple watch ever, and the best price only on best buyApple is always the best. good connectivity and easy to navigate. a single charge can last up to 1.5 daysWent from a gen 3 to 7.  Battery life is the only complaint and reason for 4 stars.  
I’ve been using an Apple Watch for 2 years.  This one has a bigger screen I like the new watch faces and more available items on Home Screen.  
Overall very satisfied after 2 weeks.Great watch. Better battery life than prior models.Great product!!! Very very Happy with it as well as there open box dealsNice product with a good battery life.I really like itGreat price and quality. Almost brand new one. Love to wear it.Great watch, the only thing, is that you have to charge every day.Great product to have and it help my wife love it she never take it offPrefect watch ever it’s perfect size and work the way I want IThe only thing worthwhile about this watch is being able to answer calls on it and texts.  I didn't find it that easy to use.  Takes forever when looking for an app.  I would like to use the timer function but I don't feel like looking for it for 5 minutes every time. For me, its expensive for the just the calls and texts. Battery lasts one day.  Cannot wear it to track sleep or it will be dead in the morning.Very nice watch………….. excellent for womens……………………Basically, it does what they said it can do with great convenienceMy first smart watch. Never saw the need for one, nor didn’t I have the desire until I realized that it could come in handy while working. Excellent!!!The wife seems happy with the upgrade over the 3, thats what matters.Got it for a family member who is not tech savvy, but he is enjoying using it. The rest of the family is glad that he has it in case of emergency.The battery life is awesome and if I do a lot of activity and need to sleep I charge it for 30 minutes and I have more of a charge.  The golf gps eats a lot of battery but it well worth it
Great we love our matching watches way better than my older Apple WatchThis watch is amazing! Love the heart rate functionality and exercise tracking. The voice texting works very well too. I wish a charge would last longer than 18 hours but it charges super fast.Apple Watch 7 series, GPS, 41 mm blue aluminum case is a nice watch and I love the color…the battery life is much longer than the previous series.I upgraded from an apple watch 3. If you like the apple watch, it's worth the upgrade. I wish the battery life could be improved, however. Otherwise, I would give it 5 stars.Love the watch and excellent service when i pick up the itemAmazing price for watch and accessories, bought in minutesGreat watch, always try and price match to find a better deal. Watch overall is great and nice.Apple Watch Serial 7 GPS 41mm midnight aluminum case with midnight band,
I can say it’s very easy to read and settings for the various apps have been easy.I love it so convenient to use especially during work when I can’t have my phone.This watch is great
Definitely enjoying all the functionalities i bove it!!Love my series 7!!! Does exactly what I need it to and love that I can customize bands. 5/5Love my new watch!  Granted, I'm updating from version 2 as I'm not one who runs out and gets the new gadget until the one I have is really dead, but this new one is really awesome!Protects the screen as promised and can still use the touchscreenHaven’t had any problem from the watch. Does exactly what I need it toWish I had gotten one sooner ! Excellent watch to haveVery pleased with my watch! So helpful to respond to texts and answer calls when your phone is not around and helps with a lot of other things!Been looking to get an Apple Watch for some time. Glad I did finally! I have been using the iPhone for years and the watch works with it so well!!!!!Love the size. It’s an apple product do I need to say more.This is a nice watch I love it it helps me a lot let me relax time you to wash your hands.Didn't receive a band on this open box purchase. I had to buy my own.
This watch is amazing. works the same as my old 3 series but with way more options of monitoring movements and activities. battery life is good!Love the series 7 iWatch. Purchased for the Mrs and she loves itComing from a Series 3 this was a HUGE improvement for me, the 41mm feels very natural on my wrist, not too bulky like the 45mm, I love it, I have an aftermarket band on and it looks spectacular.It’s an awesome product I recommend to a friend I love itExcellent Apple Watch, love it. One of the best purchases I ever made. Screen is way better and bigger than the other usual ones.Needed a new upgrade from our series 1 Watch. This was a great upgrade.  It took a bit of time to get the color we wanted but it was worth the wait.Awsome product ! My girfriend loves her new watch!Would have given 5 stars, but these need to come with some sort of guide or instructions book.
Many questions about features that I had to “Google”This item was a gift. Recipient really enjoyed the green band option. Exactly what the person wanted. Specs and all.Gift for my wife! she absolutely loves this watch, first apple watch shes had, so nothing to compare it too, but she definitely enjoys it!Wife loves it and fits great on her. No complaints hereI bought this watch as a Christmas present and the recipient loves it.  Apple has always had top notch products and Best Buy always has the right price.Got it for my daughter and she likes it a lot which means, daddy is safe!I upgraded from the 4 series, I am very happy with the decision.Love my watch! The color is everything and I could not find it anywhere else. I was soo happy Best Buy had it for a decent price alsoGreat little watch. A must have if you’re older and want to seriously monitor your bodily systems during exercise. Very pleased.Great watch.  Nice quality and is heavy duty.  Perfect size.My first purchase of an Apple Watch. The coolest thing ever so happy I purchased it. If you have an iPhone works so well with. Purchase it if your debating. You won’t be disappointed.My daughter got this for Christmas and she loves how much it does.Great watch as expected. The larger screen helps and it’s thinner which makes it almost unnoticeable and super comfortable!
Simply best Watch ever by Apple. Never been so happy before.Love my watch! Best Christmas present! Had the 3 and upgraded to the 7 which has so much more memory! If you are on the fence just do it!Took me a long time to upgrade but so happy with my new watch!
My first one was Apple Watch 1 st generation.Apple watch series 7, amazing price and service in townBest price and service, apple care added and guaranteedGreat way to motivate yourself by competing with your friendsGreat for fitness tracking and reminders.  I like to be able to get texts while walking without taking out my phone.Bought this watch for my fiancé on sale. So far so good.Excellent Product. Will keep ordering from Best BuyProbably the best Apple Watch yet. I love how it is full screen and can also check my blood oxygen rate on top of everything else.So far so good. No problems so far looking forward to learning more about it and enjoying while doing this.Very nice apple watch! Very useful! Love the screen and it’s fastmy first iwatch and love it.  Didn't know what I was mising.  I enjoy not having to reach for my phone to answer a text or answer the phone.The smartest of watches. Goes perfectly with your iPhone. No complaints.Purchased this watch yesterday, traded two of my older  Apple watches and loving this new one I like the fuller screen on this  one and I like the red watch very happyOnly problem I have is tracking my hours of sleep.Bought it for my girlfriend as a gift. She had the series 2 originally. It's a great upgrade in comparison.Great Product! Does exactly what I need it to do. Would buy again.The Apple Watch is great.  It is easy to us and works well with my iPhone.  I like the always on display.Overall it is a really good watch. The battery life is A+
Easy to set up and use. Synced with my phone no problemGreat watch my wife enjoys it alot i ended up buying a 2nd one for my nieceVery easy syncing with the iPhone 12 Pro Max.  Took a couple days for all features to 'show', but not a deal breaker.Love my Apple Watch. Had one before and couple manage without it.When the time came to get a new watch i bought the Apple Watch because I have have had them before and knew they were a very good product.Love this watch. My hubby upgraded me for Valentines and I couldn’t be happier with his choice.MY HUSBAND BOUGHT THIS FOR ME AND I LOVE IT, JUST WISH IT CAME WITH A PINK BAND.Great watch. Very helpful associate.  Happy to shop there again.Great upgrade from my Series 4 watch. Would recommend.I bought this watch for the EKG function due to a recently diagnosed arrhythmia. Works well and cardiologists will review the printed results.I love this item. Charge is much better than previous ones.Simple watch that does everything you need from counting and tracking calories to telling you the time around the worldA great watch, vastly improved over the series 6 40mm. What a difference 1mm makes, plus a keyboard on the watch instead of just scribbleLove it—I don’t know why I waited so long to get one!My wife lost her apple 3 watch , she was devastated.  So i ended up buying her the newest and latest apple 7 watch , shes loves it .I am happy I upgraded and like the features this watch has vrs my older Apple Watch. This watch needs to be charged more often than my other one.Love the diversity of it and all the features it offers over the fitbitI am very happy with the Apple Series 7 watch. I needed it to monitor my heartThis watch has changed my life forever!..,Apple rock!Not much of an upgrade from the series 6 but works as expected
Great Christmas gift, order online since store was out of stock and arrive on schedule . I strongly recommend paid for expedite freight.Fantastic watch, it is helping me keep an eye on health issues.Good Quality, excellent comfortable and recommended to friends.Apple Watch 7 is great.  Replaced Apple Watch about 5 years old.  Purchased one Watch for husbands Christmas present.  Like so much bought one for myself.I updated my Apple Watch series 3 to a series 7!  Love the new watch, it has a few more updates that the # 3 did!  A+great watch - third one purchased - no problems - the band is great for casual wearLove it works great feels good, very easy to put on.I love the EKG and O2 options on this watch. The color is bold but the watch is slim and comfortable.great device to have for daily use. Helps keep track health progressLove it works well comfortably worn easy to setup on my iPhoneCan’t live w/out it. So dependable. Hard to ignore and safe.This is my 3rd Apple watch all of them worked never had any issues with any of them and got a good deal from BestBuyGreat watch. I don't leave home without it. Going to work, I can check the weather. Running/biking, I can check my progress and how I did. All of it without checking my phone.Love the new series 7;much better than my series 3Great product and the person assisting me was very informed. They helped me pick out the best product for what I needed. No over sell.too small wish it was bigger but its okay . sigh ..The watch band does not latch very well. It works well but I wish it could locate my phone.This is a great watch it’s like having a computer on your wrist. I bought this watch for my wife in the smaller size and it fits her wrist perfect.Five star rating. The watch is great once I finish reading how to set it up. Thank you. I also like the price of the watch compared to others.Needed an update for my iWatch, this fit the bill and I really like it.
Great watch and Best Buy mad it an easy purchase would do it againLOVE THE APPLE I WATCH WILL BUY IT AGAIN FOR SURE
WHITE IS ALLWAYS NICEAlways a super solid product and reliable...can never go wrong with this watch!This Apple Watch is great it charges more rapidly than previous version and the charge last longer.This is one of the very good products which is worth getting.Its a watch, works like normal, linked to phone retty easilyActually this was a Christmas gift for my son and we ended up exchanging it after Christmas for the larger screen.My wife loves the watch. Definitely recommend!!!!!Wow amazing watch I’ve had both Samsung watch and now Apple Watch. Same watch function just weather you want a Apple or SamsungLove the new face and the new size. The new text key board is amazing something the old one did not have best decision to upgrade from the old oneGreat watch is great and perfect in every way ! Way to go apple keep up the good workSo happy I decided to get this series 6 watch. I upgraded from a series 3 and it was worth it. This was an open box item that also made it such a great deal!Great watch for the money
This was bought as a birthday present and she loves itGreat product and the watch runs faster than the previous Apple watch! I use this watch every day when I work out and it does not fail to please. This is a must-have!I currently have the Apple Watch 5 and upgraded to the 7.  The screen went from 40 to 41 which would seem minuscule but it’s a huge difference    Much more clarity as well.Purchased for my wife she loves it and wears it all the timeExcellent price easy to use, long life battery love the colorMy daughter loves it. Sometimes Siri is non responsive. But overall very good. Would liek to see a new design soon.I upgraded from the 41mm to the 45mm due to the size of my arm. It was a gift. So far I am enjoying this watch. Cannot wait to put it to the test.No words to explain the quality of the build. Excellent and compact smart watch
Nice watch bought this as a gift and they absolutly love itThis watch works as advertised. I did not want it to connect with the cell phone provider and it doesn't. It works like new and it 
was.This has been a good purchase since I was most interested in getting into a better physical shape.  I love the workout app and also can check a number of health sites.  All the other sites are also good.  My one gripe is that you have to purchase  a charger.  You used to get a charger free.I had the previous version of the Apple Watch and loved it.  Figured it would be a nice Xmas present for my self and decided to upgrade.  ExcellenIt’s very comfortable and the battery life lasts all day I love this watchThis is my third Apple Watch. It’s a little bit bigger so that’s niceExcellent product, as described and very friendly staff on storeBought as a Christmas gift for my wife.  She loves it.  Paired easily with her iPhone 12.  This is a huge upgrade from her gen 2 deviceApple Watch no need to bring your phone when you running, less weight means a lot to me.My daughter in law was so happy with this Apple Watch for Christmas gift. She thinks Best Buy is the best tec store and I absolutely agree!I like it. A few features I didn’t have before. I just hoped the texting keyboard would be a little bigger.Worked perfectly my wife loves her phone. Get the extra protectionLove the screen size (41mm)
Love the color (Product) Red
Love the O2 sensor 
Just an amazing new watchBest Apple Watch yet. Bought this for my daughter and now I’m wishing I would have got it for myself instead. Will definitely be upgrading soon.BestBuy had the iwatch 7 we wanted and gave us a good price for our old iwatch which we trade in.Love my watch. The HR and sleeping apps are especially awesome!Bought as a Christmas gift and I love it! I am still learning how to navigate the different apps and information but it seems pretty easy.Great product for the Apple ecosystem. Let's you view messages and notifications without needing to pull out your phone and even find your phone. Battery seems to last only a day or less with regular usage and maybe 2-3 days if unused.Love my Apple Watch! It fits perfectly. I was afraid the band would be too small, but it is not.  Comes with two sizes.Love it!! Great battery life and great display. Love how it looks!!
So I purchased the red for xmas and then decided to exchange it for the starlight, wish I would have stuck with the red.Apple watch was just what i wanted, the features and all are all amazingLove this watch.  Would highly recommend it!!!  It is well worth the money!!!It’s better than what’s I expected. I received the watch as a Christmas gift from my husband. It was really a surprise!Works great really enjoy the newcwatch with all the great functionsBest Apple Watch yet!  Longer battery life and larger screen.  Also has ECG and can monitor Blood Oxygen levels.  Worth the  money!Bride loved the upgrade from Fitbit that she used for a decadeBig upgrade compared to the previous models. Much faster and bigger screenI bought this for a Christmas gift for my grandson, so I do not know what to say, only that he does like it very much. Thank youI wasn't sure if I wanted to bother upgrading from the 3 but it's surprising how much easier it is to read and useHas a series 6 but the bigger screen and quicker charging made the upgrade well worth it. I need to see what comes out on the Series 8 but I may skip a generation.I love my new watch and I am happy with the upgrade in the product.  Trading in my old watch was easy, my watch was available to be picked up quickly.LOVE THIS WATCH! It’s easy to pair, last a long time and helps me stay organized.Nothing to say it is a watch I don’t care how many charactersChristmas  gift  for my daughter, she loved it. She haven't  take it off since she got it unless take a shower. Loved it.Awesome watch! This is my third and so far I’m most impressed with the battery life and processing speed.Worth for my money. Apple needs to include few more color options for the customers.Awesome quality. just works like almost all Apple products tend to do. The GPS is very accurateAwesome . I love it , so fancy elegant functional and comfortLove my new watch! Like not having to have my phone next to me at all times, ekg and heart rate are a bonus!!
Got fir my wife for Christmas gift. Took her a little bit to figure it out but really likes it and she uses it all the time nowPretty decent watch for what it does. Not a lot of capability since it’s apple but I do like the fitness app set up on the watch.Love this product. Went from a Apple Watch series 3 to the Series 7. 
Charges way faster.Its one of the best apple watch , i got for my wifeYour salesperson knew more about the apple 7 watch than anyone else. He took time with me.This is an amazing watch. I really enjoy this watch. It helps me track my steps and allows me to have alarms right on my wrist.Had a Series 3 forever, always a solid performer. 
The new iWatch Series 7 is just awesome !! 
Nice finish, easy to navigate through the many options it offersGreat watch, seems to be much more durable than older models.We love the watch, second one purchased, my daughter is a school teacher and uses it a lot in class for timers and other thingsFist smart Watch I ever had, really happy with it .I love how large the screen is compared to my last watch. Great crispness. Love this watchWe upgraded from a older version so that we could have an EKG or ECG for my wifeThis is an awesome little watch I upgraded from the 2 and I am still getting used to all of the cool things I can do with this thisExcellent purchase! My son bought me this watch for my birthday! I love it!wow, this once help me save too much time to take my cell phone, better for using 
ThanksThe Apple Watch 7 is great and convenient! I got one for myself and loved it so much I upgraded my daughter’s Apple Watch for ChristmasWorthy !!! And it’s a Good one. This was a surprise gift by hubbyNot sure why I waited as long as I did to get one! Couldn’t be happier with it and it makes phone use a bit more convenient!I purchased this watch for my wife for Xmas. I love apple watches, I’ve had multiple watches myself. I definitely recommend these to anyoneLove it! The larger screen is great, making reading text and sending them a lot easier, I had a series 3 before.
I absolutely love my Apple Watch.   It’s definitely helped me to be more active because I love closing my rings.I really like this Apple watch.   I like the look of this one.  it was the right size .Can’t really fault this. Apple have packed an incredible amount of functionality into a truly neat package.This is an great Apple Watch it checks how much calories you burn and monitors you heart rate and can also measure your sleepI love my new Apple Watch. It’s so cool, I never thought I needed an Apple Watch but now that I do have one, I am extremely happy with it.Love it
I even fell once and it knew immediately 
It’s very convenient and alerts you to messages and keeps great records of your exercise routineApple Watch as expected for the price and pretty colorSo far / very good / happy my family convinced me to get itBought this one for my girl and she likes it pretty much, good purchaseI love my need watch it even detects if I’m exercising and forgot to turn itMy daughter has been begging for this watch and she finally got it for Christmas. Definitely worth every pennyI’m a world where now everything is connected I don’t know how I survived this long without my watch.Got this for my wife and she absolutely loves it, I have the apple wear 3 an it’s good but the latest model is amazing.Excellent watch…Size 41 is perfect for my wrist not too big or small….I upgraded from my Series 3…love the watch so far and plan use it everydayThe Series 7 is the best size for my daughters wrist.  If we had went up to the bigger size it would have been to big and looked silly.I have used an earlier model of Iwatch and switched to new one and I liked it…I have used an earlier model of Iwatch and switched to new one and I liked it…This is a clever, fun device, though it was a bit tricky to get set up. One flaw is it does not include the plug for charging the phone; it had to be purchased separately.I use this watch to track my workouts. That is really all I use it for and it’s great!Pretty good purchase I get it on Black Friday weekend and made price match with Costco, my first Apple Watch and I’m very happy with it.
Outstanding watch. Comes with tons of features that I used daily for workout.I had a series 3 and gave it away which was a mistake. Now I appreciate how good these watches are. I mainly use it for the health features.I like to watch very well and recommend it for anyone to purchase it my daughter loves it thank you very much Face byeLove this Apple Watch - have had previous ones, and they just keep getting betteegreat device, however the condition of the box that the device came in was far stellar. This was an open box purchase that was marketed as in excellent-like new condition, but that wasn't the case with at least the packaging. The actual device, however was just fine..Great watch love it! Like new can’t tell the difference from new and refurbishedGreat watch. Bought this watch for my wife and she loves it.Got this for my Fiancé for Christmas and she loved it so much she went out and got me one of my own and I absolutely love itI love my watch to use the whole screen doesn’t sound like it’s needed but the way it looks. It’s amazing how good this watch is.Mom loves it! upgrade from a series 3 watch. massive improvementOne of the best watches, love the versatility in this series.This is very useful and cost-effective. It will be available soon. You don’t have to wait for a long time. In short, everything is satisfactory.Buy an Apple Watch for daughter turning 40. She loves itWorks great, as expected. Quality product. Apple always charges way too much, but I knew that going in.Great Apple product as usual. Not sure what else to say.Good service and purchase experienc. Thank everyoneAbsolutely love love this watch, still learning everything about it though.I love my watch.  It's my first Apple Watch.  I'm still learning my watch and having fun doing so.Bought this as a gift for my wife. She definitely liked it a lot and is really a great upgrade for her from Series3.Love this series Apple Watch! Love the fact that it can be dying and then it will be brought back to life in just a few seconds on the charger
Purchased this watch , for a Christmas gift to my SO, and she loves it especially since it's a upgrade from a series 3.Amazing watch and definitely a must have ! I would 100% recommendFirst time owner of an Apple watch and expectations definitely met. Battery life has been great and charges quickly.No doubt Apple dominates smart line of life. The watch is perfect in every way. The easy to getting it setup and from using it everything is perfect.I have had an Apple Watch for years. Love the way it keeps up with my steps and my progress towards exercising.Fun device. Find myself checking my health status frequentlyAmazing product! works well with little faults!!!!Excellent watch, excellent service, quick purchase at check out.  Erin is an excellent employee.Excellent watch, finally something that doesn't need to be charged daily and can tap to pay at any storeAbsolutely love this watch. Upgraded from a series 2…what a huge difference. Battery life is amazing compared to previous.This is very useful and cost-effective. It will be available soon. You don’t have to wait for a long time. In short, everything is satisfactory.Great price for Open Box. Watch was in great condition!This is very useful and cost-effective. It will be available soon. You don’t have to wait for a long time. In short, everything is satisfactory.bought this for my son and he states it is the best apple watch to date. i have the 6 but may have to get this nowEnjoying my new Apple Watch! Love the way it Tracks my exercise.I love my applewatch  is exactly how I expected, especially the color, it was hard to found in other stores but Best Buy got it !! Thank youI received this watch as a gift. The fit is comfortable whether wearing it to work or to work out. I can easily track my work out trends and link the activities to my iPhone. One negative-the included charging option doesn’t contain a wall outlet converter.Great watch. I upgraded from an earlier version. This is working great.kanfkjbgwnegwlkenfj kjd JAD BjqdblDNlakenqLB LKKndlNDlLove my new watch. Replacement of a Series 3.
Highly recommend.
i had a series 5 and then i purchased the new series 7...so glad i did since it's got a much better battery life and more new features...really love it!Love it. It’s amazing. The apple integration as usual is really amazing. For apple users this is a no brained. The only reason I give 1 star less is that battery doesn’t last long. So a full day is about what you can get and on some very busy days it’s a little short of a day.Great product. Just paid full price for it. Wanted to get a better deal but missed the Black Friday sales. It’s ok. It’s AppleGift to wife. She loves it. A huge improvement compared with to previous gen.I am enjoying my new watch.  I love that it checks my heart rate and keeps up with my fitness goals.Couldn’t see spending new money on a watch i didn’t know if I’d like. So far it’s great aside from battery life being weakBought this for my wife because she loved her last one lasted her for years sync this one right up off the cloud works perfectGreat watch! Loved mine so I purchased for family members.I bought this as a gift for my wife and she loves it. She always playing with it and learning all the features. Looking to buy one for my daughter.I love my new watch! I dropped my other Apple Watch and needed another one. Best Buy was faster than the Apple store at this time!Great product. Bought the watch as a gift for my mom.I bought it for my wife and she love it. She had the first apple watch and it has many more features on it.This is a very nice watch and works perfectly to monitor physical activitiesBeautiful color, and definitely an improvement from series 3 which was my last purchase.Niece watch very functional niece design the batery dont last that long but in general niece watch little expensiveIt performs as advertised and has certainly changed my day to day electronic communicationsMY DAUGHTER LOVE HER WATCH .. SHE WEAR IT ALL THE TIME ..I love my new Apple Watch, Best Buy was very helpfulSo much faster than the SE I had beforehand now I can do a EKG.  This is a excellent watch with all day display.Very responsive watch. Excellent quality. Easy to set up and sync with apps.
Great watch, especially if a person wants to get healthy, monitor heart rate, and check for atrial fibrillation.Excellent watch, my wife loves it. Would buy again.Love the fit and the different functions that you can do with the watchIt works beautifully!! Lasts all day and just needs to charge at night.Excellent watch., battery isn’t the greatest but it charges fast so that makes battery management easy.Wife loves here new AW7.  Upgraded her from AW3.  Now she has O2 sensor and ECC.I have liked the watch. It helps keep track of a lot of things my old one did not.  Glad I got it for sure.My wife loves it. Replaced her watch series 3. So it’s a big upgrade. Much better display, much better handling of apps.No problems, and no hassles! This is a great watch to pair with my iPhone. They work great together.Great watch I like the bigger screen. The bad is really comfortable.It’s Apple Watch. If you have iPhone, this is probably the best watch out there. The battery life is still below average compared to Samsung watches.Great product. Simply had to update it and it was ready for use! Best purchase I’ve made.Package arrived on time.  Watch was very easy to set up.I love this watch. I initially bought it cuz I was upset but it ultimately made my life easier at workI purchased this watch as a gift for my mom, who wanted it for fitness tracking and for health monitoring reasons.  So far she loves it.Love it! Best purchase of mine. Great to use every day and during workouts. Has a good fit and display is amazing.Extremely happy with my new watch! Easy set-up, comfortable, great functionality. Made a great choice!Great product, service and company.  Will buy from againLove this watch and everything about it. So far so good.Love this watch!!  It’s comfortable to wear and stays on securely, unlike some of the others. The display is crystal clear.
This watch is awesome does everything I need … excessive tracking … phone call alerts … highly recommendthe watch works great, it's like the other ones but "newer". great christmas present!I had an iwatch 3 and upgraded to this on black friday. got $45 for my old 3 watch. great battery life and good display.As always, I have loved my prior Apple watches.  I do love this one more. The larger face is perfect for these aging eyes. It’s Just overall awesomeI love the full face of the watch now! You no longer have to position your fingers to try to text some one or dismiss somethingLove it!  I felt like my series 6 did not track workouts and activity as accurately as the 7. I also like the slightly larger screen. Totally worth it!Great watch tells time amazingly. Also cool thing is it’s basically just like your iPhone in a watch.Got it for my girlfriend for Valentine’s Day,she absolutely loves it!I love my new watch. It’s faster and a little bigger than my series 3. So excited to get this as a Christmas gift.Love it, had the 3 and upgraded to the 6, but once the 7 came out I upgraded again! Battery life and screen display are so much better!It lets me know I’m still alive by monitoring my pulse.Excellent watch.  I use it for gym, sport and all outdoor activities.Works very well. GF loves it. Lots of apps. She wears it every day.Great…………………………………………………………………………………………………………………..Got this for my wife she loves it, so its a win win.I bought this watch for my husband. He absolutely loves it.My son loves this watch. He uses it to keep up with all his workouts and medical need.second iphone watch i bought for my wife last christmas. She loves it and it does ECG reading when worn.Bought for my fiance'. She loves it! Battery life is improved over previous models. A must have for apple guys/gals.Product has met our expectations.  Representative explained the differences and helped us make the right choice
Replaced my Series 4 with the Series 7 and although the differences aren’t monumental, they do make the experience a different and better one.Best version of the Apple Watch yet !! Great watch and superb battery life!! AAA+++Purchased Series 7 on-sale and although I like the functionality, really have not used it much.  The swipe keyboard is a nice upgrade but not something I want to rely on.  Otherwise, not too different from Series 6.  Main reason I don't wear it often is I still prefer my Garmin Vivosport band w/ built-in GPS.  Battery life is easily 2.5x Series 7 even using GPS on my daily runs.  Also don't need to remove the band while taking a shower.  This translates to keeping the band on longer and forgetting about it compared to Series 7.  Sure Series 7 has many more sensors and apps but I'm not accessing these regularly.  Series 7 is definitely more aesthetically pleasing but for 24x7 daily wear, prefer my Garmin.Love the Apple Watch 7! Larger screen! Accurate exercise recordings.Apple Watch it’s basically one of the best smartwatch.great watch love that I can change your face highly recommend the apple watchNice watch, more like replica of your iphone, helps you to keep away the phoneMy wife loves her watch. She stated this is best series so farMy wife loves this watch, price was great and best buy is greatI love this watch.  It replaced my apple 1.  Love all the new things it can do.  Love the battery life.Great watch. Wife loves it!l and it works really great and as expected .Its awesome !! I love it. The color match with everything.It has made a world of difference forcing my competitive nature to push myself more physically to get top fitness going.Nice watch, dashing helpful for health activities, but battery goes so fast, all time need chargerBest decision I’ve made this far. This watch has saved my daughter twice now with the heart rate detection.Nice watch! Durable and dependable. Easy integration with all Apple productsit is an excellent watch. It does exactly what it claims to do.Purchase this for my grandson's wife.  She absolutely fell in love with it!  And this watch calls 911 for you!Watch is great, battery life leaves something to be desired. It must be charged every day. My samsung watch 3 lasts several days for comparison.I love this new series 7, charges so much faster and all the functions are great as typical for Apple products.
I love the apple watch. I bought it for my husband and he said he isn’t really a fan, so I ended up keeping it!I like this watch. Not love but like, the battery goes down to fastSo be the newest Apple series watch. It lacks in a few categories mainly that of battery life coming from a Samsung user that had a Samsung Gear S3 Frontier that I would easily get 32-48 hours off one charge. The Apple Watch is like half of that.Awesome watch. Great battery life and does exactly what I needBought for wife as a birthday present  good upgrade for the series 3. Screen is incredibly larger.Was a great value. The watch has been working great and I would recommend this to anyone.I like the watch.  Just for the convenience of not having my phone on me.  It tracks what I want it to and battery life has not been an issueI mean it's apple sp there's that! Timely shipping everything was good.Highly recommend.  Can't go wrong with this item..MY DAUGHTER LOVES IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Daughter loved the watch! Only complaint that she has, Battery Life doesn’t make it through a whole day sometimes.I cracked the screen on my apple watch series 3 and decided to upgrade to this one.  I really like the watch so far, very similar to the series 3, if there are an improvements between the series, I have not noticed them yet and I have been using for about a month now. Biggest down fall is the battery life.  Also, this one comes with the upgraded port for the charger and no box so that was kind of annoying because all of my boxes are for USB ports so I have to buy a new one.My daughter likes a lot give her all information she and can turn off her alarm and see her emailVery nice watch. Multi function. Battery is long lasting.Apple watch good to buy if u like to do  excercise  goal.Better and faster than previous version, particularly touch screen response time and accuracy.No complaints. Really good for tracking my day to day activity and exercise. Very well designed edges making the screen wideAwesome product and impressive screen useage (size)Purchased for my wife to help with exercise and heart monitoring. Has exceeded her expectations! Great productLots of options still learning about the Apple Watch
I am pleased with this purchase. The battery life is much better than previous versions.Upgraded from the 4 to this one and it’s quite a difference. For one, the newer version is much more accurate at recognizing physical activity.Love it!! It’s much better than I expected and I love all the options.Excellent product - very happy with the Apple Watch Series 7; Also happy with the ease of purchase and delivery.Love the Apple watch,  The battery does not last as long as I like but everything else rocksEverything works fine. I really do enjoy my watch.  I definitely recommend anyone to buy it.I LOVE my Apple Watch! Comfortable and love all the info I like.Very satisfied with this watch. Should have bought it soonerDefinitely an Improved version. Battery lasts longer or at least for me. I bought this for my daughter and she can’t be more happy with itMet all my expectations. Stepped up from a 3. Great upgrade.Very happy with the service. Worked with an excellent sales person who is very knowledgeable.
Giving as a gift today.Works great, bought for girlfriend, she uses it daily. Swapping out bands is super easy as well.I am very pleased with the quality and the technology that comes with an Apple product.Overall good Apple Watch,
Bestbuy purchase experience is good, it was a hassle free pickup. No issues so far, of course series 6 to series 7 there are no changes in health sensors, apple is getting out of innovation.I traded in my SE and bought this and i love. Great purchaseMy first apple watch. Works great. It’s exactly what I expected it to be.Happy with purchase. Had an older Apple Watch this one is so much faster and love the always on display.Everything I need in a smartwatch and more! I do wish Apple would include body temperature thoughBought this for my son as a Christmas gift and he loves it.Great watch! Bought it for my wife she loves it!!!
Love my new watch, love that I can adjust text size and silence at touch if handLove it is all I expected from Apple Watch series 7. Perfect fit andD battery life is unbelievable!Great product would buy again would purchase againbought for my wife and she didn't think she would like it, Now she can't live without itI upgraded from apple watch 3. The larger screen and faster processor definitely makes it worth a purchase.Great watch with more than I need. Apple is a great company with some questionable motivesGive this Apple Watch to my daughter for Christmas. She loved it. Upgrade from her Version 2 she’s had for yearsgreat battery life and good screen size upgrade for this watch. love the always one displayNice watch to have.  Serves it's purpose for daily workoutLove the purchase. Best Buy was so amazing to work with. It has everything I would ever need. Love the comfort.Apple Watch Series 7 is the best Apple Watch yet. If you are looking for a smart watch, this should be on your list.Everything is as expected from Apple, the only issue is keeping a screen protector on the curved glassGreat watch!  Significantly better than the previous versions.Apple Watch Series 7 watch is awesome. The new health related functionality is fantastic.Great Watch. All around the best Smartwatch are appleI got this for my wife and she loves it. I have a 3 and I am not thinking about upgradingVery good product and one of best smart watched I ownUpgraded from a series 4 watch. Better battery life, fast charging, and the always on display are all positives.My boyfriend bought this for his daughter at ChristmasThis was an upgrade present and they love it. Ordering was easy and delivery was as promised.
Was a gift for my wife. She loves the watch. Apple Watch is one of the best products from Apple.The product is very good and as expected it is working perfectlyFantastic. I use this way more than I though I would!Bought this one for my wife. She loves it. Not a giant leap up for us from the series 4. It does mostly the same thing for what we use it forIt is worth investing. It is good investment to monitor onceself for welness and head up for any medical issueWould love to review product. But had to return since the store refused to price match. Very disappointed in Best Buy.Open box but still brand new! Works like a gem and helped saved me $$$! Great watch!Absolutely loved it new feathers comes with 2 straps . love the keypad and theme , the only problem I have is the battery timeBattery lasts better than earlier models and allows it to not always reflect what is on the phoneGreat watch. Always impressed by the quality of apple products. Love them allowingWatch was easy to set up and works well for messages and emails. Also help monitor my Dexcom monitor.Great product … works well with an IPhone and other Apple productsUpgraded from series 6 and very happy with this watch so far. Longer battery life and more readable text.Love my Apple Watch Series 7.  Only problem is the battery life doesn't seem to last more than 24 hours.Great product. It has a great build quality and fuVersatile and very smooth connection experience to my iPhone, larger display than previous one, no complaint.Easy set up! Love the RED BAND i would purchase it againGreat Scooter!!! My son was so excited to get this and it helps him to get to work and back!Great price point. Really like the fall detection. Bright display with many different looks.Love my new Apple Watch!!! Service was great and very helpful
Awesome watch! Love the battery n always on display.As usual Apple did it again, made a fantastic watch. My wife love her new watch. She use it everydayDidn't think I would love this as much as I do.  The fitness part is great.Has to be charged every day.  Wish the battery life was better.Great watch! Bought for my wife and with the battery life better than any other previous model, this is a perfect match.Love it! I probably should have gotten a different colorLoving the watch. Still learning all the features but it’s pretty amazingYou can never go wrong with an Apple Watch. Best purchase ever for my wife and she loves itThis was for my HS daughter. Helps with organization and scheduling own activities. Works awesome w iPhone and iPad.Wife was nervous switching from Samsung phone and watch to Iphone and apple watch. She totally loved the switch to apple.
Watch is awesome!Moving from a Apple Watch 3 to this is an easy decision, so many updates and bigger screen, and its green!good watch - love color - this was an upgrade from older model.My granddaughter loves the watch, it is perfect size and works great.I bought this watch for my wife for Christmas to replace her old one and she loves it.I love the new apple watch series 7.  It was a great upgrade from my old oneBought it as a gift for an elderly friend for the Blood oxygen and ECG. Seems spot onThe watch exceeded my expectations. It is just fabulous and full of great options.My wife Loves her new watch. She checks her heart rate constantly because of fainting spells. This helps keep her safe and healthy.Great smart watch for those in the apple ecosystem.  Specially if you cant look at your phone for work.Really like the color on this and it matches the color of a cup I didnt buy from over a year ago, so ya know, I got that going for me.
Nice upgrade to my Apple Watch 4, batter life is still about 60% after all my workouts at the end of the day.Awesome watch. Since I purchased that watch I have purchased a second oneNice watch easy to set up and use , easy to connect to iphoneWatch works well for a smart watch but it would be nice if it had a better built in sleep tracking function. The only way to track sleep is by turning on a whole sleep program where it gives you alarms to go to sleep and puts you in do not disturb mode.Got this Apple Watch for my wife for Christmas and she is very happy and this is her 2nd watch.Excellent watch fitness and sleep tracking.Useful watch for day to day activitiesLove how easy all the apps are to use.  It’s so lightweight I forget I’m even wearing it at times.I’m in love with my new watch. Best decision ever!Great watch. It has a bigger better screen and sensors. Love this watch!works great for mother in law who was told to track her heart by her cardiologistLove it!  So much better than the Apple 3 watch. I use it for fitness, reading text and Facebook messages, as well as answering phone calls.  Still exploring options.  Wish battery life lasted a full 2 days.I love this watch!! I'm not the biggest fan of the iphone but I will tolerate it for this watch!Very nice watch , better than the older models wears very well and has great featuresCame right when it said it was supposed to arrive. No damage and packaged nicely. So far my wife loves I to.Love it ... worth the price .. you can get an ekg , heart rate, customize ur rings :)A very good upgrade from version 3 battery life and oxygen sensor is a great additionVery helpful staff on purchase item. Very well overview in the purchase and information provided.very good product. the smaller screen is more comfortable when wearing on the wrist.Love the watch.  Its  a perfect size and works great.  Givesme all kinds of notificationsLove, love, love!!  Excellent in every way. My favorite upgrade is the longer lasting battery
Bought this for my wife. She likes receiving notifications obit  and the health features.The layout is the same as my series 2. However, it is faster, brighter, and the screen stays on now.The Latest and greatest bleeding edge apple watch. I got it as a Christmas gift for my wife and she loves it.Great watch. Takes a lot of study to learn all the aspects and apps. Worth the tjme. Would buy again.Great watch respond time is great. Water resistant is a life saver.The new screen size is excellent, with fewer edgesBought it for my wife. It was an upgrade from the 3 series. She absolutely loves everything about it…Very nice doesn't scratch easily and phone calls are decentApple Watch can do what your other devices can't because it's on your wrist. When you wear it, you get a fitness partner that measures all the ways you move, meaningful health insights, and a connection to the people and things you care about most.The curved edges make it look nicer than the previous models. If on a budget, would recommend the Apple Watch SE instead.Have used Apple watches for several years. They keep getting better. Great purchase. Highly recommended.Love the watch and the functionality.  It is the perfect size.it is good and comfortable and easy to navigate apps and view.Watch works great definitely need to set settings to maximize battery for it to last the dayGreat product.  Went on sale later and Best Buy honored the lower price.  Good experience overall.I’ve been waiting to buy an Apple Watch for a long time.  Love it!Very nice product, fits real good. Is much better than I expected.Got it as a Christmas present for my wife she loves it. Learns something new about it everyday.This is my second Apple Watch. I love the new health functions and the larger, brighter screen.Bought as a gift. I have one and love it! Can’t beat the Apple Watch.
Love my new ⌚️ was able to get what I wanted with the help of the employeeAwesome product, I really liked it and the pick up process was really goodGreat delivery time and I am loving the watch the delivery came faster then expected I think you should buy it too.I like it, but it doesn't really serve a good purpose. I guess I am not the high-tech redneck I thought I was.Love this Apple watch, email, messages, health tracking phone all in one.Apple products always better from non apple products! If not count to battery life!Love it!!  I’ve been wanting one for awhile now…. Had a FitBit, but I lost it and this is so much better!!The Apple Watch keeps getting better and better every time I upgrade.I love the new Apple Watch 7! 
I even talked a good friend into purchasing one.
The blood oxygen is an added plus that I truly love!Apple Watch was a great addition. I don’t have to keep my phone around me all the time nowLove it!  The Apple Watch is a great product that does everything I wanted it to.Absolutely love this watch.  Just switched from FitBit and I couldn’t be happier.Great product. Primarily use it for tracking workouts in the fitness app.always on screen is very nice to have, overall great quality productOriginally owned a fitbit2, this gives much more information and nice integration with my iphoneVery helpful and convenient since im always using my hands the Apple watch isuch faster to get to then my phoneWife really loves the new watch. Quite an upgrade from the Series 2 watch she had for years.Best buy made the purchase graet customer service and the life of the battery is goodNice watch and little longer battery life would have made this product to the next level.I have upgraded from Series 4 to Series 7. I like the bigger screen and blood oxygen monitor. Overall a decent upgrade and I like it so far.
It is AMAZING and so easy to upgrade to from my older model.  Have no doubts just buy it!It’s an excellent choice for my wife.  She is  on busy  schedule and it has helped her a lot.Absolutely love my new watch.  I upgraded from the 3 series.  Face (41mm) is the right size for my small wrists.Useful tool. Helps to measure exercise activity as well as connect to my phone.Bought as a gift for my younger brother. Also have one myself. I like not having to take my phone outAs advertised. Works great. My wife is very happy.Love this watch!  Works perfectly, great fit.  Would buy again!I love talking on my Apple Watch,finding my phone with it and so much much more.Love my new watch. Didn’t think I wanted one but I am sure enjoying it.I like it a lot I use it most of the time but I wish the battery was a little longerHad to upgrade my sons Apple Watch from version 2 he’s had for years. He loves what the watch can do.Like that it has an oximeter on it….great for monitoring my work outs.This watch looks great on my wrist! Very easy set up and using is easy to. Would recommendBought it for myself I thought it would fit big but it’s perfect and the hand free gesture awesomeExcellent watch, it just keeps getting better and betterGreat watch bought at a great store Best Buy which made the purchase experience awesome.Love this Apple Watch and the deal made it 10x better. The new packaging is really nice as well.Works well. Purchased as an upgrade from a older modelMy First Apple Watch and outstanding for tracking workouts and heart rate.Great watch. I am still not sure how to operate everything.
A great produce, at a good price.  The staff was helpful which gave me options about what was available.I purchased the Apple 7 watch for all the health related features especially the “fall” feature.Apple Watch Series 7 (GPS) 41mm Midnight Aluminum Case with Midnight Sport Band - Midnight is a great product.amazed at how much watch can do.  still learning what it offers but so far so good.Works well. Battery life much improved vs prior iterations.This watch is excellent. It pairs perfectly with my iphone 12 pro. Highly reccommended.I have a small wrist, so it fits perfect. I love how you can assessorize the watch.Love this purchase!!  Sales assistant in best buy very helpfulPurchased this Apple Watch for daughter on her birthday and she loved it!Does what I need it to, useful for everyday wear. Just don’t like that they don’t include a wall charger anymore.Fantastic piece of technology. My wife loves her series 7. Huge upgrade from her series 3.Great watch but the band color really not my favorite - I like the silver and white look betterso far it's been great!  The functions are so helpful.  I'm amazed at the EKG function.The Apple Watch 7 was an excellent purchase.  This is my third Apple Watch and it is the best yet.Got it real cheep since it was refurbished and in great condition.So happy with my new Apple Watch, can't live without one now!this is a fantastic smart watch. I really love to be able to reply the messages directly on the watch.Bought it for my friend. She loves it and now it’s an essential item for her every day lifeI purchased this watch for my wife, to replace her Series 4. She is quite happy with the watch.Super clean and runs so much smoother than my last apple watch. Would absolutely recommend.
First Apple Watch I owned, very advanced product. Many many uses.Bought this watch for my wife for her birthday. She loves it!very good watch to work along with your iPhone. Use it as a back up when you can't use your phoneThis was a gift for my wife to replace her apple watch 3, she seems to like it we did buy it her to track her sleep but unfortunately Apple sleep tracking is not all that greatUpgraded from a series 2 and I love it! The screen is much bigger and the battery life is awesome!great watch.  glad I upgraded from my old series watchGreat watch purchased in Bestbuy. Love the product and financing options from
Bestbuy.A product that doesn’t disappoint! The watch is everything it was said to be!Excellent choice for the money. Great service at Best Buy. Would certainly recommend this watch selection and Best Buy.Love the new features and adoptions compared to my old series 3. Screen sizing is just right also.Got my wife the new apple watch 7 she loves how the battery life is much longer then the 4I bought this for my daughter for her birthday. She really likes it!Very handy, kinda steep learning / setup process. I think after another 3-4 weeks will love it.exceptional device
good batter life 
I love the screen the mostWhat do you expect... an Apple Watch is an Apple Watch... does just about everything you want.Awesome watch and 5th one overall. Slightly better than the 6 and BBY had the best price .Exactly what my daughter wanted. So helpful to have everything on your wrist.Amazing tech, upgraded from series 4 to this series 7. Well worth it.Gift for my daughter. She loves it. Needed a replacement for her old one.Very nice good quality a little small for me so i will be getting the bigger one soon
Love the larger face on the Apple Watch Series 7, 41mm Blue Aluminum Case with Abyss Blue Sport BandLove this bigger face! Am using so many more of the options now that it’s larger. Sound is clearer and crisper. A+ Apple.Love my Apple Watch. Highly customizable and functional for the every day athleteGreat size, great fit. Overall very apple with this Series. I upgraded from series 3.I love my new watch! I haven’t accessed all the features yet, but look forward to using them.I really like this watch. nice upgrade from my previous Apple watch.Cellular service is awesome! No need to carry phone along on runs or other activities.Excellent customer service. Great deal on this watch it was a Christmas giftI wear this all the time and the battery is amazingLove it! Fascinated by the ECG, Pulse O2, and Heart Rate Apps! ! I am disappointed in the battery life! Less than 24 hours!I have all Apple Products & this watch is AMAZING .The watch of course is great since it apple Best Buy has good selectionsHighly satisfied with the purchase.  Very attractive and functional.Excellent and loved it. Best choice for anyone interested in watch.was easy to pair my new apple watch series 7 with my iphone all i can say i loved it my watchThe watch is latest in the series of watches that Apple makes. A good product and more important, good service by Best buyEarly Xmas present.  Bought to replace my app,e watch 3.  Major upgrade.  Works well.  Lots,of features.Love the watch. So many apps available. Change watch bands to go with different outfits.Spectacular as always. It connects seamlessly to the phone and other apple products.What can I say … it’s awesome. Does more than expected and accurate
Overall, I like the new apple watch. Apple no longer provides charges for items. As much as these things cost, they should. Not much of a difference the apple watch 6 but hey it's my first apple watch.This is my first ever Apple watch purchase. So far I really like it. Great size face on this watch.Love the new watch! I bought it as a gift to my best friend and she can’t stop talking about it.You can’t go wrong with apple…………………………………………………..This is my 3rd Apple Watch. Reliable and gets it done.Good features and allows for seamless connection with phone.This is my third Apple Watch it is a great product and simple to set up and useThe price was the sale in point it was new and it was on sale I gave it as a Christmas giftGreat, watch! It helps me to keep myself active and also it is very comfortable.Service was great and item I needed was in stock! So glad I Am getting this for my daughter for Christmas!Nice watch. I ordered it for my friend and it is working really wellApple Watch was easy to connect to my I phone 11 every thing about it is great !! buy one today !!Love it! Best purchase I ever made! Keeps me active.What’s to say it’s an Apple Watch can’t get any better specially with the new sizeLove this watch. It’s the newest model and it does everything as advertised and more.Does a great job motivating me and keeping me in an exercise routine.I had to return and purchased a cellular version, and it was great but battery drain to fastThis is a great addition to my daily list of things to get done. I love it. It keeps me on trackIt good item ,I buy for my friend,She like this IwatchThe wife loves her 41mm watch.   The size is perfect for her.
Ended up getting the white one instead, but there is no substitute for an apple watch.Excellent product, is the perfect watch for all situation sport, casual and healt!!!!!Love it nice quality good price and fits nice. Live the colorGood. I like it.Does lots of cool tricks. Works well with I phone.Xmas present, great update from previous 2019 edition, green band is a nice touchExcellent quality. Apple keeps improving and advancing the technomogy with every entry. My wife loves it.Love the new 7! Am a heart patient so I like having the ability to do the eegGood as advertised! Band it super comfortable. Only downside is battery life.Love my watch! The green is subtle. So great that it fits my old watch bands.Easy to set up and very easy to learn. Comfortable to wear and does everything I was looking forMoving from a Apple Watch 3 to this is an easy decision, so many updates and bigger screen.Moving from a Apple Watch 3 to this is an easy decision, so many updates and bigger screen.Amazing, looks like 6th Gen, but better
I love it it’s worth the money might as well get the latest for the same priceIt's an apple! Fast, reliable, and comfortable to wear.I love this watch, it’s size and apps are very niceGreat Watch, It does everything it says it will do and more!!Great. Just what I needed as my other one was starting to act funnyI purchased this item for a Christmas gift and I would recommend this product to anyone.Excelent !! And nice Apple watch, 100% good !  I recommend  buy this Watch at Best Buy storeFour stars because it doesn’t have a daily step counter. Overall a great watch.
Great……feels good no issues yet only battery life doesn’t seem to last that longVery nice upgrade from series 4. Apple still needs to increase the battery life.Love my new Apple Watch. Upgraded from a series 3.My watch is great I wish I would have brought it sooner,it does everythingExcel)llllllllllllllllllentllllllllllllllllllllllllbest smartwatch with premium build quality. Only complain is battery lifeThis watch is amazing! Love the heart rate functionality and exercise tracking. The voice texting works very well too.Love this watch. The size is perfect and the updates and durability are a plus!Wish I would have switched to the Apple Watch sooner!  Best Buy was great, it arrived within a few days of being released.It’s great absolute I bought this item for my son I love itTypical 5 star apple quality! Bought for family member as gift. Will buy again!I would really like someone to help me completely set up the watch.  I feel there is a lot that I am not using on the watch.Excellent product. Water Proof, Scratch Proof, Great Battery, Quick ChargingLove my new watch!! Larger screen compared to my Apple Watch 3…My wife was looking for a nice  watch. So end up getting her  the Apple Watch and she loves it.I love my watch. I love that it has a keyboard to answer text messages.I Love my new watch. Having so much fun learning all the cool things it can do!I upgraded my Apple Watch.  I guess I should have traded it in.  I had Series 3I love my Apple watch. It's very helpful and I can access my phone directly from my watchBest watch ever very exiting to own one. Highly recommended to all my friends.
My wife absolutely loves this watch! This was a giant step up from her fitbit that she enjoyed s well.I bought this watch for my daughter and so far she loves it. I hoping no issues in the futureexcellent purchase, wife loved it and has bought many bands since. Bought it for 10-year anniversary.Love, love, love my apple watch. Get a case, very fragileMy wife was pleasantly surprised, and enjoys the upgrade from her series 5.Wife loves it! Definitely an upgrade from the previous Apple Watch versions.Great buy!!! Love this watch!!!! Would differently recommend!!This watch does everything it says. Only complaint is that you must charge it every night.Love the new Apple Watch.  The battery lasts almost 2 days and charges very fast.Apple Watch can’t be beat. Watch does everything perfectly. Like the new bigger face.I’ve no regrets. I’ve never owned and Apple Watch before and pleasantly surprised.Works good, connects with my phone, love the apps on it. It was a good buyThe watch is great but it sucks you don't get points for purchasing apple productsGot this as a gift for myself. I’m a fan of a smaller screen so that was perfect.The watch does much more than anticipated. Very pleased with the purchase.Came in good condition. It is convenient and fast. How i wish to have special discounts.It is what it is, work flawlessly with my sisters IPhone 12.I love my Apple Watch and I love using it when I work outLove the upgrades to the series 7. Definitely worth the moneyI like how it comes with two band sizes. The blood oxygen and heart rate monitor comes in handy! Mostly when my little one gets sick! Gives me a little peace of mind.
Great quility best service definitely buying something there againExcellent product friendly staff Affordable prices @ Best BuyA little bit bulkier than the last apple watch I had (series 5) but i like itExcellent watch.  Many more features in the Series 7 than in the previous versions.The series 7 is worth the upgrade for the side and love the new red!This Apple Watch is fantastic!  It is my first Apple Watch and didn’t realize what I was missing out on.Happy with purchase and as always great sales advice by Best Buy.Everything I expect from apple products. I live the new face and screen size.Probably one of the best items I’ve purchased so far.Good for exercise. Heath app is very useful when connected with watchLove the watch and apps it can do.  So many new things, I am still exploring.I love being able to see my heart rate.  It’s a great companion to my iPhone.Great watch.  Works as expected.  Highly recommend.Very happy I purchased this item. It does exactly what I wanted.Bought for my wife for her birthday and she loves itI bought this Apple Watch for my niece. She loves it!!❤️Love this watch! Highly recommended! Great battery life and amazing displayGreat watch. Did not want green but that has been corrected. Would definitely buy again.Purchased as a Christmas gift for daughter, needless to say that she loves it.Great watch feels comfortable durable and love the colot
Love this watch. I got it because I got a 4,0 in school.Had a issue with the battery but exchanged it and it’s great nowWatch works great. No issues.  Nice to have a built in heart and oxygen monitor.I bought this Apple Watch Series 7 for my daughter as a gift.  She loves it!Greatest apple product I have ever purchased, can’t live without it!Moved up from a series 3 that couldn’t stay charged more than a day after several years. This watch will get just past a day per charge. Hoped for much better battery life. Battery is the only complaint on this thing though. Matched up great with my 13 pro max.I’ve had multiple different watches and different series of Apple watches and this one is the best.Such an upgrade from the original watch! Love the how big the screen is and how easy it is to use!Similar to the 6 only difference is the screen and how it looks like pics run off of itLove my watch! Still learning all the features! Definitely recommend !!Gave for a gift, but I purchased one too!  They are amazing little computers on your wristBy far the best watch I have ever owned. a little pricey but worth it.
Highly recommend it.Awesome watch. Love the size of the screen compared to the 1st generation that it replaced.We love the watch , works great , very good qualityTo me it's a lot of money for a watch, but it was for my wife, and she loves it lolThis is a great product will buy again. Best Buy is very fast in shipping there products out.Very good watch and I won’t missed any call and textMy wife is super happy with it…I keep asking her if it was worth the $400, and she still says yes.I love my new Series 7 watch. It is fast, clear and accurate. It has more functions and information. It is great.Perfect size and functionality. I love it and would definitely recommend this one over all others.
The size is excellent.   Very readable screen.   The EKG for a single lead is fairly accurate.I am a pediatric nurse and I love it because I don’t have to carry my phone aroundDon’t upgrade unless you have gen four or older. Everything you’d expect from an apple product thoughIts a good watch, its a great watch even. Its definitely the best buy.The service was great And I will highly recommend to buy anything hereLove it! The new Iwatch with a slightly bigger screen and always on screen is perfect!love it. Band is very comfortable, and the screen display is clearAlways quality...no complaints...the best. I always wanted one of them.I love it,  it was worth every penny.  I does every thing I need it toPurchased for my wife and she loves it.  Easy integration and use.got a great on an open box excellent condition. Great for the priceI’m super happy with this amazing watch, does everything.Absolutely love and exceeded expectations. Great Quality.Great product. The battery should last longer though.My watch is nicer than I thought 
And very useful, I’m definitely very happy with my purchase!Yet another awesome Apple product!! 2nd Apple Watch and I’m not our last Apple purchase.Apple always makes excellent products. Went from a series 3 to 7 definitely worth it.It’s wonderful -has more memory on it and updates on time and quicklyPurchased it for my wife.
She absolutely loves the fitness tracking on the watch.
Battery life not so great.Perfect shape. No issues, works flawlessly. Will buy again
I bought this for my wife mainly for the ecg abilities and she has been very happy with it.Love my new Apple Watch.  It encourages me to get significant exercise every day.My first smart watch and I love it! Works great. Fits perfectly on my wrist. Battery life is great, easily lasts all day.Coming from the Apple Watch Series 5, this is a nice upgrade. The battery life is great and the screen is clearer + bigger.Glad I bought the smaller screen (41mm) my only complaint is the battery lifeThis purchase has helped me get more active by the the program.Bought this for my wife for Christmas. She loves it! It’s her second one.Like new watch and all of it’s features. Would recommend product.First time owning a iPhone and Apple watch. I love Apple.bought this as a Christmas gift, it was worth it. really nice and comfyDefinitely a great watch. Liking it from day one. Only problem I see is battery life. You have to charge it everyday. Competitors smartwatches have better battery life. One star less because of battery.Received as promised. Can’t believe I waited so long to purchase an Apple Watch.Watches tell you the time, and also when you have a babyGreat watch! Tracks all my boyfriends workouts and he loves it!Great smartwatch, but way too many bells and whistles for what I needed. I love the convenience of having an Apple Watch and plan to buy a older versionExcellent product by Apple for everyday use. Would recommend it to everyone.It fits my watch 7 41mm really well. I like it better than the actual band the watch came with.I absolutely love my new watch and Best Buy made it so easy to purchase!Love my watch, the battery last for a long time! The new updates are great.Excellent purchase, web site so easy to navigate. :)
Apple Watch is a great watch. Got it for my blood pressure and oxygen level and works great!Love this new version of Apple Watch.  Durable and easy to see.  Love the different faces.Love my watch. Loved I got a trade in on my old oneawwwww man where do i even start with this watch welp get your ownBought two of these for my two daughters for Christmas. They absolutely love it!!!!Great watch bought from Bestbuy on great Financing options and support.Great watch! I use it to help me keep track of my exercise!Super watch, like the fast charging and display.  Better than my series 5 watchFound it very useful and comfortable to wear on hand always on.This is good watch with pretty good watch size   Good battery and fast chargingThe Apple Watch is the cats meow. It is fun to use and fun to learn more about.Great watch with ECG and SpO2 tracking. Everything you need for fitness tracking.Fast Fast Fast……great watch excellent upgrade from Apple Watch Series 4Help me keep active, and don't miss a call. I thought it would be difficult to play volleyball with my watch on, but no problems at all. I only wish for a longer battery life.It’s a great watch. Really jump started my new healthy habits. Other functions ok.My wife loves her watch ⌚ she said she would recommend it to anyoneNice watch small upgrade from Series 6.  Like the quick charging time for sleep monitoring.Great fit, connects without hesitation. Battery is flawlessthe apple watch 7 has great utility, and is comfortable to wearThis is a great watch. Upgraded from the Apple Watch 3.
Great product with features that I needed, such as oxygen and heart readings!I was helped immediately & the employee was very helpful.I love it! Loads quickly if you have the settings to mirror your phone. It’s almost simultaneous.the battery on this is no where near 18 hours be prepared to charge daily like your phone. Even with minimal use.My nursing school daughter loves this as she moves into her clinical rotationsDecent Price, very good watch. Was cheaper than purchasing from Apple website.Upgraded from a series 3 38mm. Love the bigger screen size and functions compared to old watch.Love this Apple Watch ! I bought it for the ECG and heart monitoring. Works wonderfully !Excellent product. Even though I got an open box it looks exactly new.Surprised that the battery doesn’t last longer. I switched from a series 3 to a series 7 but the battery life seems to be the same. Doesn’t last but a day. Honestly I only use it for notifications.Nice watch. Screen fits the wife’s wrist really well, very durableExcellent… replacement of older model.. very happy with this watchBest Apple Watch yet. The quick charge is a great additionIt is really really good I love it so much ok that’s all byeeeBest upgrade I’ve made so far!! Love my new watch.Love the watch, doesn’t always pick up that I’m moving, exercising, etc. I don’t always remember to start the activity on the watch so I wish it detected better!Its ok charging it everyday is lame ruber restbabdExcellent product. The Apple Watch was easy to setup. This replaced a Fitbit.My wife loves this watch got it for her birthday she hardly ever takes it offBought this Watch for my wife for Christmas and she Loves it.
I purchased this watch as a Christmas present for my daughter.  She loves it.Selection was fantastic comparison really help me with selection and delivery time was greatWas a gift for my mother. So far she loves it. Easy to set up and use for herA very useful product especially for a person who wants to be fit and want to keep a track of his fitnessGreat watch. Battery life could be longer. Screen is perfect.Nice watch, great customer service.  Knowledgeable staff. Good selection.Much needed upgrade from my Apple Watch 2. Really like the bigger screen.An instant classic. Love the screen, love the details and the performanceI was able to order on line and they brought the watch out to my car.Love it !! It reminds me on Bed time, Standing up, water checkIt compatible all kind of clothes. I prefer black oneLove it! Had the series o e since the beginning and love the upgrade.Great item! Pleased with this product so far! Great battery life!Price was fair and service was great. Very knowledgeable alsoLove the watch can answer the phone and see text messagesEasy to purchase online and quickly received in the mail with no issues!My first Apple Watch & I absolutely love it!! I’m still learning but it is just so convenient & handy!Excellent upgrade from previous version. Money well spent.I got this for my wife and she absolutely loves it!Bought this as a gift, she loves it! dont know what else to say
Great gear to go with my phone. Battery lasts 2 days while constantly on it.This is their best IWatch to date.  Very advanced and very accurate.Love the new upgrades. The functionality is amazing and the size is perfect.Had to upgrade after daughters 3 died, Daughter loves her watch,Awesome product. Does what its supposed to. My wife loves it.Timely delivery!  Watch is great - a lot of fun and easy integration with i-phone.This is the best Apple Watch ever. The big screen looks amazing.Great device would highly recommend gps great FaceTime greatGreat comfort and the watch is excellent. Bought it in best dealbought this for my wife.  she likes it a lot.  much more than her apple series 3 she says.Great watch! Only issue is keeps disconnecting when off wifiThe staff was most helpful, and the product purchased is great! All in all, a good experience.The watch fits great for my wife , she loves it so I’m happyGood buy. Wish I had upgraded to this watch earlier.Everything she wanted and more…Watch helps make my wife’s life a little better.Great watch with lots of functionality apple always does a excellent job.Love it so far!  I had an original Apple Watch, so this one is much better!Works well & it is liked by the recipient. Well worth the purchase/Got this for my wife and she likes it she has not worn a watch in sometime and likes this oneEnjoy my new Apple Watch the Battery lasts a lot longer and picks up better on exercise mode!
It is great it does everything thing and more than I expected. It was absolutely worth itLove this series 7 apple watch! It was such a great upgrade from my series 3.Help full very comfortable and easy to track all the activitiesIt’s absolutely great I love it so much best thing for workDecided to trade in my Fitbit. So happy with my new iwatch.Very great Apple Watch, helps count steps, easily
Getting used to wearing.My wife loves the watch and uses it everyday . She is happyBought it for my daughter she really loves it no complaintsLove it it is perfect for my line of work I’m happyGreat Apple product!! Love the watch and it feel great on my wristSignificant improvement on screen size/case ratio and display quality.This was a gift to my son.  He loves this watch and all the functionality it provides.Love this watch! I had been using a fitness tracker for years, this is so much better!Bought this for my daughter. She loves it. It does so many different things!Love my new watch! It's so convenient being able to talk and text.It works as expected. I’ve had it for a month now and no surprisesAbsolutely love the watch.  I previously had the Apple Watch 2, but like this one even more.Really love the feel and functionality of this watchI got this Apple Watch for daughter  Christmas present, the charger doesn’t workGreat update from the 4!  Wife is loving the always on screen!
Awesome watch… it’s really awesome. Would highly recommendI did not want another watch because I had a 3. I am happy with my upgraded Apple Watch. I love it.Love love love it!  I had a apple series 2 and this is definitely an upgrade.Works as designed. No issues. Was a gift for someoneReally love my watch. I had a smart watch that I loved but this one is betterGreat watch am enjoying customer service and help was goodLoving my new watch.  I love the way the numbers are placed around the watch.Love the watch and also have the iphone 13 pro maxI purchased this to replace my wife’s series 5 watch and she loves the new features.Love this watch. A bigger keyboard, larger and clear face. I wish I didn’t have to charge it so often.Has a very good battery life and charges super fast.Great technology. Should be considered a medical product.Does exactly what it was designed to do, and works just the same.It makes it convenient to unlock my phone when I have a mask on and I’m working.Love it. It is excellent and great for the daily lifeApple just keeps getting better and better, everything you could want in a smart watchUpgraded from Apple Watch 2. Love the extended battery life and upgraded screen visibilityBest smart watch ever.love it.Every thing in tracking, as always useful.You will have what you've expected from a smart watch.Product was in good condition but gave four star due to delivery delay
Best Iwatch to date! But it’s hard to tell the differenceBeen a Apple Watch fan since the series 1 and love themPerfect just like advertised lots of cool features, so happy I got this…This is my first Apple Watch and this product is really great. I am very satisfied with this purchase.It is great being able to walk away from my phone and not miss a call.Was a Christmas present for a family member and they absolutely love itGreat watch, got this for my wife for her bday, she loves it.I love this version! It’s accurate outside when I run. My last one wasn’tI upgraded from a series 5 to a 7. I really love my new Apple Watch!Way better than the series 3 that I traded in!  Connected right awayFinally decided to take the plunge. Am not disappointed.I’m loving it. Still learning all the little things about it. Over all it was a great buy.Awesome watch would recommend it to all watch loversFirst watch I have bought, but it’s great! All the options are the best part! Great battery life!Very nice!! Wasn’t sure if I’d like something like this.I bought for my daughter and she loves it. She is very pleased.Great product and great service! Nice upgrade from series 6.Great product I just like the way it works happy with itreally nice display battery last a little over a day. works greatYou know most of the positives. I am gonna talk about some of the negatives most people don't know about:
- One of those broke due to water damage, just from frequent handwashing (covid). No diving, no swimming, not even showering, just from hand washing. And no it's not covered under warranty. 
- The band broke within 2 months of purchase. Again, not covered under warranty, etc. What a waste...
Battery lasts a lot longer than the battery in my Apple Watch Series 5.I live it. Best purchase. I love my purchase . I will recommendWanted to upgrade my previous Apple Watch. Loved this one. Very useful!No issues so far works great love it, exactly what i wanted and needed.Christmas present for our grandson. He was very pleased with itGreat features with the upgrade from apple watch 4 to 7.Everything I wanted and more. It’s my first Apple Watch and I like all the features and the fit.Bought the Apple Watch 7 for my daughter for Christmas and she really likes it...and barely a day on battery with minimum use. One has to plan ahead for when is the best time to charge. Watch faces are childish which suit the lowest common denominator. If you are visually impaired this is not the right size. The watch band is beyond cheap
and comfort calling for the extra expense right of the bat. Took 3 days to finally force the update. UI not intuitive or self-explanatory. Unless you are a fan or one with plenty of disposable income this is not worth nowhere near $400Great option for a Christmas gift. Bought for college aged kid.I love it!! Very nice and high quality. It is the perfect size!Love this.  It is so cool!  Glad I got it.  Highly recommend.This is a graduation gift for my boyfriend. He’s a very active person and he loves itVery nice apple watch, i love it so much. No scratch screenNeeds better battery life doesn't go to sleep and battery dies to fastThis Apple Watch is great and very useful would recommend to everyone…Love it so far, no complaints. So much prettier than my series 3So far so good, keeps good time and lets me know when the phone rings.Excellent watch with speedy delivery. I highly recommend this product.I got it as Christmas present. It’s the best watch I have ever had
Awesome deal, great screen. Upgraded from Series 4 to Series 7 and it's worth every penny!The process was simple and all questions were answered.Got it for my wife and she loves it.  She no longer misses calls.Great addition to Apple Phone, when working out and can't get to my phone I have my watchIt’s an Apple Watch. Does exactly as it promises without any issues.Finally decided to upgrade from and series 1 and happy i did . Everything about the series 7 is a big upgradeAfter seeing my husband’s new Apple Watch I couldn’t wait any longer. I’ve had Apple watched for ever, it seems, and I couldn’t be happier with Best Buy giving me a great buying experience.First Apple Watch Owned And Very Happy With It. Must Buy. Very UsefulExcellent watch for fitness an health love the fitness appgreat item ***************************************My gf loves it. Great way to keep track of your steps.Amazing product, works very well. Great of when my phone isn't on me.Love this Watch! I use it for email, texts and phone. It also tracks my walking.Awesome watch. I really love it! Charges quick!!!!Apple Watch series 7: great watch, awesome quality, great battery life.Great watch! A really good upgrade from the model 2 I had before.Great watch for everyday activities.  The right tool for the right job.Got this on sale and it’s definitely worth it. I use it everyday!Excellent Product. Works absolutely fine, have not observed any issue so far.You can’t imagine how this little piece of technology can change your life.
Great watch, love the bigger face from previous versions. /the starlight is pretty.My first Apple Watch and I love it and all the great gadgets.Nice upgrade. Lots of functions, probably does more than I even know.I love my new apple watch. Got it with a nice discount.My daughter loved it 
And its perfect with her iPhone and airposMuch better than my old series 3 watch. 
I would have upgraded long ago.My daughter said it was the best gift from the big guy SantaI love it.  Went from a 3 series to a 7series.  Makes a lot of differenceGreat apple products. Couldn’t be happier.  Looking forward to a new oneabsolutely amazing watch! I enjoy my watch! You don’t have to even look at your phone!The product arrived neatly and as you would expect from an apple product.Apple never disappoints.    Always on display with a battery life upgrade is my favorite.Great product last way longer then the 3 series I hadI watch works, as usual, great and right on time. I wish to be using it more.Good watch. Much better feel. Nice display and good softwareWorks great!   Each new watch is better then the previous model!I've always wanted an Apple Watch and I finally got one and I Love it!!My wife loves it. A happy girl. She uses it mainly for exersisesGreat Watch especially if you have other apple productsAwesome buy!!!!Highly recommend. Huge difference on performance and memory.
I love it it fits perfect for my busy life And track my workoutsPurchase for my wife so she could keep a hourly check on her blood/hart condition.The apple watch is a good item. It does all the things it says it does and does them well. It is about $100 more expensive than it should be but that is because it has fruit on it.Love it.  Have other watches, but I am really enjoying the Apple Watch.Love this watch. Upgraded from 5. Allot faster and slightly larger.Love my new watch! Works so much better than my previous oneGetting to know my Apple Watch and it does so much I truly love being able to use it as a phone.Bought as Christmas gifts for my children and they love themGreat service. But should have been reminded that a charger was needed.Love everything from the function to the style of this watchGreat watch, bought this as a Christmas present for my wife. She loves it!Love the watch serves a lot of purpose throughout my dayI upgraded from my 6 when this went on sale and it was definitely worth itMy wife loves this watch.  It will help us tremendously.Great purchase at a great price!  Very happy with my purchase.Everything I expected from it to be as a product coming from Apple!I upgraded my Series 3 Apple Watch and am not disappointed one bit!It’s great I love it best version of this model yet.Incredible product don’t know how I lived without itGreat update from the S3. Went down in size but the screen itself isn’t smaller.
I absolutely love my watch! It does everything that I need.This was a great purchase. I love the oxygen monitor and the other health reminders.I like it so much! It helps me at work. It is a good inversion.Love this watch I recommend this watch it is very practicalGreat watch…updated version with 02 sensor, heart app..all the bells and whistlesThis is my first Apple Watch and I'm loving it.  I should've had this a long time ago.Apple Watch 7 nice screen and good battery life.  It's greatI didn’t think I needed an iWatch but am now so happy that I have one!Great product. It works fine without a wireless plan with Apple phone.Just love it, fit perfect thanks you Best Buy you are the bestIt a good solid product I purchased it for wife so likes and happy with the product!The Apple Watch series 7 is a great gadget that you may haveamazing, best upgrade I could have asked for, made my day!So far good watch. Wish it had a longer battery lifevery nice smart watch, great screen, super fast battery chargeI absolutely love my forest green iPhone watch! Thank youeasy online ordering although it took awhile to arriveAmazing watch had everything that i need and even more then i wantedIt’s a great product. 10/10 recommended! Very reliable and words great!I love it absolutely wonderful, it’s all that is cracked up to be
I love my watch. High quality with great apps and connection to phoneLots of great improvements from the older version.It’s so nice and way better than the old one. Highly recommendPerfect !!!
This is exactly what I needed !!
Thank youLove the watch. Needed to dee the oxygen level in the blood.Excellent for everyday use. I love it pairing with iPhone 13.Great product!! This watch is easy to connect to your phone!Excellent product. I use it daily to keep up with fitness goals.Amazing watch! Does more than I expected. Very pleasedI'm  an adroid user but my daughter love it for her new Iphone 12It does everything as advertised. Apple is allows high in qualityBest Apple Watch, greatly improved from Gen 3 which was replaced.Bought this for my daughter and she loves it!!!!!!Works well, but I definitely like the fitbit app better for fitness tracking.  Unfortunately, the fit bit didn't last me more than a year -- hoping my new apple watch will last longer!Bought for my wife for christmas and she loves it.Great watch. Really like the feel of it. Function is great. Love colorGreat watch. Really like the feel of it. Function is great. Love colorWatch functions well with my air pods and phone.old bands are compatiblesuper easy to connect with my IPhone and lots of benefitsUpgraded my watch & love it!! Works great & highly recommend.
Great Watch tons of capabilities and i love apple fitnessI just love my Apple Watch Series 7, I dislike taking it off.A decent purchase, I will get more bands. Will probably buy another as well.Pretty nice all around watch - I was looking for something that would give me some of the advanced health features - battery lasts all day but disappointed that I have to charge it everydayIt arrived on time. It came without any damage to the boxGreat product, hold good charge, and the  best model yet!Can’t wait to see the look on my daughters face when she opens this on Christmas morning!!Great addition to my smart watch collection.  Really usefulExcellent Apple Watch and trust Best Buy. Would recommend more.One of the best purchase I have done. It is work really wellGreat Apple Watch I love the fact of the keyboard on this versionLove this watch! So easy to monitor daily activities, heart rate and movementsLove it only wish I got a bigger screen size to text!Saves time by connecting to my phone from the watch.The employees were very nice and helpful. Love my watch.As expected.. nice one with larger screen with same sizeReally like the watch. Have been wearing for the past week. ThanksBest replacement for my Series 3.  Much better and brighter screen displayIt was a great buy, I can do just about anything on the watchGreat shop.. We love best buy and the deals
The. Watch. Is. Wonderfull
my first Apple Watch and im in love!! it’s a great watchI Love the look, works great. Fav Christmas presentGreat watch. Upgraded from Series 4. Battery life is very good.My daughter loves it!! She's 17 and this was her birthday gift.This was a Christmas present for my wife and she just loves it.Really love this watch.  Easy to synch with the iphone.Just got what I expected from reviews. Check out product details.neat & nice, excellent product and good drive up servicesLove ittttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttLove the watch. I upgraded from a Series 1. Bigger display.Great product and Excellent and timely service for pick-up.Perfect watch for the person that can’t carry a phone all the timeSo happy with the update size and options with the Apple WatchVery comfortable, takes time to learn the magic of the tech.
Really easy to read, nice interface with iPhone.
Do not need a big face to read...amazing.
Battery life limited, no brick to plug into...really???Great apple watch.   Works great as it should.   ThanksRecives it few days ago in good condition.Excellent technology .Excellent choice for everyday use. Pair with my iPhone 13.Love this watch! Battery life is amazing and the size is perfect for my small wrist!Girlfriend love her new Apple Watch. Upgraded her from Apple Watch 3Very happy with the new Apple Watch. Upgraded from the Series 3.
Awesome device, really happy for this purchase, great buy.Great watch love the screen size a little bigger than model 6I bought this as a gift and she absolutely loved it!This watch has so many things that it will do for you.Overall a great product! I use it every day and it goes with everything!My son was very excited to get the Series 7 and is very pleased with the watch.It came in time before Christmas and valuable product.Didn't think I would use one much. But i'm  loveing itVery dependable and versatile.  Battery last longer than previous generation.Great watch.  Purchased for father to help track health related items.I’m obsessed with my watch & I definitely recommend getting it through Best Buy!!! I was hesitant on upgrading if there would be a difference but there really is!Love it is really comfortable and useful I highly recommendedThis watch is the best…I’m glad I purchase it………..I bough this for my wife all I can say is that she loves it!!Great watch.  Still getting set up but will nice addition to iphone.Great over all, really satisfied with this productMy daughter loves it. She previously had the 38mm so the 41mm is larger. It was initially making her wrist sore but not now. She says the screen display appears so much clearer and larger.I absolutely love my Apple Watch Siri seven I specially like the heart monitor and EKGGreat watch that continues to add great additions, every series.First time buying a Apple Watch. Can’t wait to get my ProMax so I can use this
Just found out this can’t have its on line on my account because it’s only BluetoothLove it!!  Because I'm old I wish it had a book I could read to see how to use it betterExcellent
I love that my watch links so I can talk into my watchThis is a great watch. I love it. The only thing bad to say is about the short length of time it stays charged.I love this Apple Watch. I used it all the time to do my exercise, It’s great.Awesome product and BestBuy made it super easy for me to get it!Best watch I ever had and would recommend to a friend or familyGreat!   Really like this watch.  Disappointed they didn’t take trade ins as advertised.This purchase was a must needed update from my first generation Apple Watch.The best smartwatches available, add some nice conveniences to using an iPhone.  It is certainly a nice-to-have, but I don't think it is a must-have.Great accessory to accompany an IPhone. Have tried other smart watches but none compare.So pretty always have loved apple Red was so excited to get this watch! It’s amazingGreat watch. It’s better than the samsung one it’s a great watchGot this watch for my girlfriend and she loves the watchApple Watch series 7 is a great watch in the tradition of former watches in the series.awesome watch,best ever,not big fan of smart watches but this one does it allThis watch is very dependable and useful last a couple days on batteryGreat Apple product, nice to have the latest and greatest Apple productlove it. i just with the battery would last longer.Works like a charm. Links to phone easily. Comfortable to wear.
My daughter loved this product! I will definitely recommendNice watch but front face is not as durable as they talk about in ad.I love it. It's like how I was expecting. Meet up with my needLove the new watch. Great improvement over my old Apple Watch!Bought this watch  as a gift for hubby. He loves it.Great little watch bright display holds charge wellGreat product does as advertised. Works well easy to set upMy wife like it a lot, the last one she had was a series 3.Great watch overall if you are in apple ecosystem. Only wish the battery life was better.Purchased as a Christmas gift so not sure on the product yet but shipping was greatUpgraded from an Apple Nike Series 4. Performance is basically on par, and I will say the battery on my old watch was actually better that this one.Love it,..........................................!Great product and great customer service from Best Buy!Top quality watch. Made a great Christmas gift, wife loved it.It was an awesome watch it does so many things glad to have itGreat product! Bought for my 14 year old granddaughter and she loves!Great watch. Easy to pair with phone. Adjustable band.Much better than the previous Apple Watches we had.Good watch... works perfectly... my daughter loves it...Very good! It’s exactly what you expect from a iwatch.
Apple Watch series 7 has bigger screen and more battery lifeGood watch. Garmin fit Battery lasts much much longer though.So far all ok!
It is really much better than my other one!So far so good. It was time for an upgrade from series 3. I love itLove my new Apple Watch! So much better than my original series 3Works great easy to link to phone. Very sturdy.  Water proof.The apple watch is terrific.  It is everything I hoped it would be.que hermoso es el color verde del apple watch series 7Replacing a fitbit with an iwatch. Works very well.I love my Apple Watch. It is my first one.
I would recommend it to anyone.Love Apple products. Upgraded so I could take advantage of trade in credit.Was a gift for my wife and she wears it everyday!,Really nice watch my wife love it. I want to buy my self one tooBest Buy offered a Good product for a good price..The Apple watch is a great product. Love the large screen size.Great product ! I had the Apple Watch Series 5 before and love this oneBest watch ever. The only reason for the upgrade to 7 was the $200 refund.Device is everything I thought it would be.  I'm very happy with this purchase although it would be nice if Apple products were more reasonably priced.Just what i needed. Everything i expected from Apple.Great product and customer service best price i found
works good  comfortable well built stands up durable.Works as expected. Was purchased as a gift for my teenager.Love the watch!!! It’s the perfect nude color!!! Love that it was delivered on time!This is my third Apple Watch I just love everything about itGood product and nice service . Beautiful to be a gift .Excellent product, good price and my daughter loved it!I bought this watch as an upgrade from the series 3 watch I already had. The battery life on the 7 doesn’t hold up as good as the one that was in my 3I was due for an upgrade and I’m so happy I finally did!Large screen and more faster than 6
Very recommendedThis is great I love it thank you Best Buy I’m happyVery nice apple watch 7
 Would recommend 
Best buy had the best price tooGreat purchase.  Very helpful sales people.  Well worth money.My wife loves it. She also loves the apple exercise.I like the apple watches although the 7 has some odd thingsWife loves it.will be buying one for myself in near future.Love this watch. I went from a series 3 to the series 7 and could not be more happier!Works great !! Just missing WhatsApp need to get 3 party app thats only missingI love the watch but I’m still trying to figure it all out.Love the fit and the new functions/ apps. The band fits as it shouldI like it help me out with things i need to do ........
It does all it says and more !  Very satisfied ! Better than the older versionsGreatest watch I’ve ever had. Big incentive to work out and stay healthyExcellent upgrade to  BB an already phenomenal product.very nice this and excellent no error with best qualityMy first Apple Watch.  I am amazed at all it ca do.Beauty and functionality. I like it.
This is my first apple watch.The watch is amazing i bought it for my girlfriend and she enjoys itProduct works well with the new apple devices. Charging can be a bit inconvenient since the cube needed doesnt work with older apple versionsBought this for my daughter for Christmas and she loves itLove the watch!  Performance and functionality is amazing!Love the Apple Watch! Smooth setup and operates perfectly.Great product!!!  This is more durable than previous models and battery seems better.It’s a great watch but the battery does not last like previous models I’ve owned.Perfect iwatch My daughter love it recommend to buy itGreat product, love it!! Upgraded from apple 3 series.Really great watch! And arrived on time before Christmas!This is a great upgrade from the Series 2 my wife had.Great product, recommend it! Nice shopping experience.My wife loves the watch but hates the band, she says if she hits the band on something as she’s walking, the watch comes loose, which could cause her to lose  her watchits everything i expected love all the features on it
'Great watch, perfect size face.  Bought it for my wife as she loves itLatest greatest updates for Apple Watch are always great. Quality and software for the Apple Watch is great!  Star taken off because you cannot pair it with an android phoneNice watch.  Daughter was happy.  Easy transfer from her Apple watch 3.Nice watch.  Daughter was happy.  Easy transfer from her Apple watch 3.Good smart watch, has many functions, battery life could be better.Love it.  I have it set on Mickey Mouse and smile when he talks.Love it.  Nice value and always with Apple a great product.Same apple watch, just faster and bigger screen!!!As always, apple impresses. Upgraded from watch 4.As always Apple hits a home run great product!!!!!I Love my watch but the battery life sucks for the price you pay for this watch.Excellent, quality is perfect and feels great when wornThe watch is exactly what I wanted.  Set up was easy.Good watch works fine not bad with apple fitness plusGreat display and size! Durable band and screen size.Love my new watch.  Had a Apple Watch 6. This one is much better.  Charges fast.Its so nice, perfect and durable with last longer batteryMy favorite device! Always using it, keeps me off the phone.Love it!
It’s an amazing Apple Watch.
Very glad with my purchaseFor some reason i have to restart my iphone and watch so that i can make /receive a call through the watch. There is some pairing issue with iphone 11 pro max. Other than that, it's a good product.
It’s great.  Go get this thing and enjoy it because it’s AppleGreat watch and price great service and availabilityEverything i wanted it was there. Excellent watch!!!Extremely happy with my purchase!  I cannot complainGood product, liked it, One for the best purchase .Works good. Records activity and very comfortable to wearLove the watch. Solid battery life. Recommend buying a cover or screen protector.This is a very nice watch. It was a upgrade from a series 3Amazing product from Apple, so far loving the Apple Watch. 100% recommendedChristmas present for my wife. She loves it. Very pleased.This is my third Apple Watch and the battery still lacks - have to charge it every night. Other than this, it has a great interface, fast and has the health apps I need.We love the Apple Watch 7 and the great functions!So far it’s working with me fine, I didn’t get see all action on it.Ordered and picked us curbside the same day! Completely satisfiedWife loves it and she doesn't like to wear watches.I purchased this for the oximeter capabilities. It works pretty well, but sensitiveGreat upgrade from a series 3. Responsive long lasting battery.Great new watch and I love the fact that the old bands still fit the new watch.Fantastic! Absolutely better than the other modelsMy wife enjoys the convenience of the Apple Watch!
Better than expected!! Fast shipping & item just as describedWife loves it. Works like it’s supposed to without any issuesGood watch working like it’s suppose too I can’t complainGreat watch! A nice upgrade from the series 1 I had before.Love it. My old one broke and this was a perfect replacement.Excellent product and excellent buying experience.I love the Apple Watch! I wear it everyday!!!!!!!!Perfect size for my wife and so usefull with the appsA nice upgrade. Larger face on the watch is a great improvementThis is a Christmas present therefore it has not yet been opened.My wife loves it.  Bought to monitor sleep apnea.  The watch works great.Love the watch. Excellent fit. Water resistance so helpful.My wife likes the watch.  She wears it everyday and enjoys the fitness portionBest watch I like it a lot I would recommend to everyoneGood one . Got it with best deal and loving it so muchGood one . Got it with best deal and loving it so muchService was great the young man went out of his way to helpChristmas gift can not rate at this time, but if it's Apple, it has to be good.I love this watch. Added a screen saver because I work outdoors.Updated from the 3 and this has its perks. Keyboard is cool, Siri activates way too easy but not a huge deal
Another awesome Apple product. Woukd recommend. Love itbest Christmas present according to my teenage daughterLiked the new series 7 watch, this replaced a series 3.Christmas  gift to replace older watch she loves it.Very nice watch. Very good battery life looks great.This watch exceeds my expectations,seems like the battery last much longerTouch response improved compared to prior versionsGreat Apple Watch. Rlly like the dark green color face.great watch. dont know why I waited so long to buy one?Works as anticipated and delivered earlier than thoughtLoved how well it fits a small wrist and fits comfortable.I just upgraded my Apple Watch and I love it!!!!!!Enjoyable device with a number of good applicationsI bought this for my wife. I love the watch I have.********************Excellent watch ***************Wonderful product, apple always has wonderful tech!Great watch. It is everything it is advertised to be.Great watch much better then my series 3 definitely check it outWatch lasts so much longer than earlier versions. So glad I purchased it.Bought this for my wife and she uses it on a daily basis
Love love love!!! Apple watches are amazing and so pretty!Christmas gift for teenage daughter!  She loves it!Just having this on my wrist is a giant flex, pretty easy to learn tooGreat Christmas gift for my daughter.  She loves it.Like my new Apple Watch!  Don’t know I have it on!Watch seems to be working fine. No issues so far..Surprised as a gift and let’s just say… it did not disappointI live this Apple Watch, does everything I need to and more.Best watch for my daughter!!
Didn’t regret buying.Ok Watch really don’t know all the features. Sad they don’t provide a booklet.My daughter loves it. Was a great Christmas present,As advertised and worth the wait for a Christmas saleGreat watch for daily use. Highly recommend for all.Great buy !!! I like that I have everything at my wrist!Suberb, wear it every day. Helps when I misplace my phoneBest purchase I have ever made. The quality of the screen is amazing.The Apple Watches continue to improve over the generations.Bought this as a gift. It’s equipped with blood oxygen and ECG. I love the newly designed full screen as well. Also the new keyboard is amazing and capable of texting without phone.Very low profile compared to the 3 that I am upgrading from!!!Watch is great. Best Buy had it in stock when no one else did.
Good watch i recommend to buy no problems so far!!Another awesome Apple product. Best Apple Watch yet!Verry fast  love it would recommend  to anyone  loveExcellent purchase couldn’t be happier with the series 7Overall a nice smart watch. Not much has changed from previous versions. A couple weeks with it now and no issues.Love the always on display. O2 sensor is nice improvement.I really like the screen protector for my watch.  ThnksChristmas gift for my daughter. Wanted the newest watchThank you ………………………………so ……………………………………………………..muchEasy process to order and was easy to hook up the air tagsThe best Apple Watch! I love it and it’s amazing! Wow!Everything I hoped for and more in a new Apple WatchDoes everything it’s advertised to do. Have been impressed with it so far.Everything that one would expect from Apple! Great!Love it, great decision to by it . Can recommend to buyThis is my first Apple Watch and it exceeds my expectations.I love i the new serie 7 watch. Is beutiful. And amazing.Great product, does everything I wanted it to do and moreNo issues smooth transaction good price ( on sale)I love apple products and this one did not disappoint.
Love my new Apple Watch.  They just keep getting better and better.Love it. Worth getting. Coverage is the best. You won’t regret it.Pretty darn good compared to my Apple Watch 3, definitely worth itWasn’t sure about the color but I love it and a great buyI don’t get the hype. The band is hideous and I only use the watch for photos and to track my steps, so basically an overpriced fit bit. Save your cash!Works great, it just seems like battery does not last that long. It is still new to me having a smart watch and all. I will give better review down the road if it rates itNice look and technology, like the ECG and additional health appsLove the larger screen! The fitness and health enhances are a plusNew watch was packaged as expected. Easy setup and pairing to phone.excelente y hermoso apple watch series 7 gold hermoso casi no pesaIt is as good as I thought it would be and then some.  Thanks Apple!I’ve had every watch that has come out and they just keep getting better!!It is a great experience to use this watch.  with SIRI, it made cooking, baking so easy.  Personal health monitoring is upgraded to another level.Excellent watch, by far the best one on the market.This the latest and the best one out there to be used with your Iphone.I loved this product! I definitely made a good choice.I simply love this watch! A great choice. Far better than my fitbit.Like my Apple Watch 7. Definitely better batting life!Purchased as a gift. Exactly what recipient wanted.BLUF. I do not have a large wrist, 7 1/4. I unboxed the watch and attached in to my wrist immediately knowing it looked way to small. Never even turned it on. Best Buy was awesome as I return the watch the next day without a hassle. Save your time and go with the larger watch unless you have a very small wrist.
My son loves it!  I would highly recommend this watch.Good watch, serves its purchase if going with one of the outdated models but if you have any current models I wouldn’t say it’s worth upgrading.Love the watch but have to purchase a charging adapter..you would think it comes with one for the amount of money spentExcellent watch if upgrading from a previous generation.Great watch!  My wife loves it and only takes it off for charging!the best ever! I would buy one more for my husband .So far I am loving my new Apple Watch 7, I'm still getting used to it and figuring it out but it's great,  I'm very happy with my purchaseBought this watch for my granddaughter for Christmas.Great watch. It holds power better than my other one.Nice watch! Quality built, and arrived much faster than expected.Order at time… easy pickup and Amazing staff at Best BuyHappy with purchase of Apple Watch. Fits  comfortably!Purchased as a gift for my wife! Big upgrade form iWatch series 3Apple Watch series 7. Best one yet. Wife loves her Apple WatchWas exactly as I ordered. Arrived on time. I would highly recommend.Bit too expensive for what it does even though it’s a nice watchBeen wanting this watch for a while now and I love itI love the convenience of having my Apple devices connect. I did not enjoy the silicone band. It caused irritation. I simple band swap made it better.I love the watch. It does everything it’s suppose to doAs good as my old Apple Watch but the face scratched really easy
I’m not completely tech savvy and be a lot overwhelming. Still need assistance trying to use all the functions and needs charged everydayQuite the device. I was amazed. Has a ton of functions. Very helpful for a wide array or activities and health.Still figuring out all the features, but it was weird that it didn’t come with the charger box!It always works and easy to pair with Apple iPhone.Arrived quickly. Excellent condition. No complaintsExelent product daughter love it, price it’s good ,One of my On of my best Purchases yet will recommend to anyoneCan’t go wrong with Apple products. Plug and play technologyGreat watch. I’ve bought 3 watches for my wife through the years and she loves them. This series 7 has a bigger face on the same size body as the last 3.This is my first Apple Watch it’s looks good and easy to use and worth the monyBought. For me kid he love it …… I will purchase one for me eventuallyBest apple watch! but it is a bit expensive compared to the previous onesMy wife has a slight addiction to tracking her workout. I think this is a good thing, but I'll keep you posted. 
Actually, she loves it.I love the watch. But I wish we could do challenges with more than 1 person without having to download yet another app. I wish the battery level lasted longer like the fitbits, but I get it’s running a lot more programs than the Fitbit did!Lives up to the hype and is an outstanding watch for anyoneUpgraded from a previous generation and this was definitely worth it.Meets the purpose to collect and report for the Heartline Study.  However the tracking of my runs varies from my Garmin watch.Something is wrong with battery - brand new but battery drains in half a dayLoving it!! Would recommend to everyone. Loving it!!great watch, great purchase,  very happy customer.
Works as expected! Looked exactly as advertised,  o concerns.Love it apple has once again produced a great product. no complaints.Excellent smart watch, full batery life and time of responseExcellent. An amazing group of informative apps and toolsVery fast and good quality, I like for good fashionI wanted black 45mm, I got green 41mm instead,
But for some reason apple 7 45mm are light gold. It was a honest mistake! Glad I didn’t really olen the box and they took it back right away!solid watch that has what the average adult is looking for.It’s exactly what you think it is, a new Apple Watch with a better processor and bigger screen. Nothing more, nothing less.Havent opened it yet but its apple and its pretty.Many features and easy to use, works great with iPhone.I purchased  the new Apple watch seven as a Christmas gift.I Ordered it online and picked it up at the store was very convenient and I got a great deal.Great watch. Large screen and awesome health applications.Very happy with this watch. However, there was no big upgrade from the series 7. So far, I have had no issues.Great, as advertised and really good for the priceMy only bad review is the battery, you run off battery really fastBest thing I ever bought. I love it and will too. ThanksIt's a good clock as it doesn't change from 1 to 7 much and loses signal a lot, but we're fine.Overall product is good for fitness tracking......My Best purchase! Lots of options! Highly recommend!Absolutely love it would highly recommend for anyone
Great watch. Does as describes and is very comfortable to wear.Great product. Traded in our Fitbit sense and got thisThis watch was a gift for my wife and she loves it.Present for my daughter and she absolutely loves it!I bought it open-box excellent. The watched came in great physical condition. All of the functionality worked. I loved the face of the watch relative to other models, and I appreciated how efficiently you could modify the settings in the app. Unfortunately, I had to return it because it wouldn’t charge.It’s by far the best watch Apple has introduced upto nowNice upgrade from my Series 2-love the bigger screen.Hate spending my money on apple products but the Ol' Lady loves it. Design has become sleeker than the previous gen. Its-A-NiCCE!It was in stock and a available.  However, need to make online changes to make switching from delivery to pick up in store simpler.Got the item through curbside pickup and got home to open it and it wouldn’t turn on after a hour on the charger. I waited another hour still no luck. Used another charger and it turned on. Idk what’s the issue with the first charger was but i have to go back and get that charger switched out.I love this watch. Still discovering all its perksThis watch is for my wife who enjoys it very much. Our main issue is that she does not have an Apple iPhoneLove the bigger face and it is much more responsive to the touch.  The band is very comfortable.  I think it is way overpriced, but it does so many wonderful things.Love the new added keyboard and bigger screen!!!!!!Great purchase, definitely was an upgrade to my galaxy watch. Syncs up with all my other Apple products and is almost too simple for use. Love the product.I love the watch, however the battery life really sucks less than 18 hrs and it needs to be charged that’s why I returned it. Pretty sad for an Apple product they failed in that departmentSão os melhores relógios da atualidade. Vale a pena comprarExcellent watch good performance. Good for workoutFirst time buyer of the apple watch, it is very nice.Much needed upgrade from series 2 watch. Takes some getting used to with the larger face
Great item it very helpful with so many things love the new features added enjoy the different colorsPurchased open box excellent item and it came in a ziploc bag. Battery on this watch doesn’t last all day for me.Wow new Apple Watch 7.  I had the 3 series. But the 7 series is amazing with the extras for health love it   My doctor is the best thing to haveWatch is nice and comfortable.  Battery life could be better but all in all a nice watchStill getting use to this watch, maybe should have gotten the bigger faceThey are the best watches today.  worth to buy, very goodBought this as a Christmas gift for my wife since she is an apple person to replace her Apple watch 3 and she loves it.A gift for my son. He loves it but it would’ve been nice to know the charger is not included. $430 and no charger?Love it! Definitely glad I upgraded…………………………………..Great health monitoring options- the ability to track and monitor goals with prompts to keep you on targetPretty nice since upgrade from 3rd gen, but… expected better battery life tbh. The oxygen thing is nice with the covid world going onApple Watch Series 7 (GPS) 41mm (PRODUCT)RED Aluminum Case with (PRODUCT)RED Sport Band - PRODUCT(RED)
Battery life needs major improvementApple Watch 7 is nice but the charger came not working so I had to buy a new one or travel all the way back to Best Buy and use my gas.  It does require charging everyday which is a pain.Got a good deal from Best Buy … only problem is battery life. It lasts for only 1 day.Given as a Christmas present. My daughter loves it and I loved the value. It was delivered on time and in good condition.I’m not sure how accurate the stand times and step counts are.  Overall satisfied with performance.No Total Tech Support purchase required to buy, yay. No scalpingApple needs to supply a manual with their watches shouldn’t have to search for instructions, otherwise it’s a good watchPerfect fit for my lifestyle. I changed the band, I personally don't like the one it comes with.Still a lot to learn, but happy with it so far……….
I bought it for my wife and she loved it with one exception.  She didn’t expect she she would need to charge the watch on daily basis.still tough to do many tasks on the watch itself.
but great improvement from the past. batter life is awesome.Love. Apple Watch Series 7 (GPS) 41mm Green Aluminum Case with Clover Sport Band - Green.amazing product but only runs for 13-15hrs on single charge.Pretty useful; payments, messages, quick reminders right at the wrist. Recommended.So much information is available I wish we had a paper owners manual.Not sure if it’s worth how much I paid for it yet
Definitely needs more battery life, right now it last about a dayI love this series. Definitely an update from the previous ones. I love how quick it charge sNot too much difference from 6 to 7, if you need to upgrade do it but if it you dont need too the 6 is fine.Seems to be working ok.  Battery life is better than previous generation.  Charging is fasterIts an Apple Watch.  Does what it should, found this at a great price during Christmas!Good one and I will recommend this. Excellent choiceThe Apple Watch series 7 seems to have a short battery life between charge times.It will be a Christmas present to my daughter so I can only rate this relative to my son's experience with it.Disappointed in the battery life ~ needs to be recharged too much.Is good, but battery could be better...every day need to be charged.. sometimes this is sad..Precise for makes it look and covers exact screen.Good, productive visit. Appreciate the precaution being taken to make sure shoppers are protected.Is the best smartwatch that i have but the battery is not the best just thatI love it I use for work since I can’t use my phone
Good one..so far no issues with the watch . And I like this model betterPurchased for a Christmas gift and they love it! Never owned one before but is really enjoying the watchOverall good. Battery life is pathetic. Drains out in a little over a day.Love the watch, but not the fact that it has to be charged everyday.My partner seems to like it.  Inconvenience for a watch to have to be charged everyday.Love all the features of the Apple 7.  The starlight aluminum case is the perfect color to wear  with gold/silver jewelry.  I have small wrist and debated for a while on size.  So happy with the 41mm.  Easy to read face.  So many choices for your watch face.  It's like having a new watch everyday if you want.  Love the watch band but you can also change to so many options.  Easy install  to use asap.  Well worth the price and Apple quality if always outstanding.  This would make an awesome holiday gift.  So many apps can be installed.  Enjoy!  The small charger works so quickly.  Battery life is perfect for what I am running.  I charge every day and a half.  Takes so little time.  Small band is a perfect fit.Still learning all this watch does.  Thank God for utube!!Bought for my wife. She does like it but wishes the sleep monitoring was more like the Fitbit.Good apple watch at reasonable price. Good service.I was anxious to upgrade because of the pulse ox monitor. Unfortunately it has left me disappointed. If the watch is not positioned exactly right it misreads making it pointless for continuous monitoring. Also, the battery life is a joke. I could go 2 days with my series 3 without needing a charge. This watch doesn’t even last a full day.Excellent watch. If the battery lasted a full 24 hours it would be 5 stars.  I still recommend it to others.Nice Quality and Value for the product is worth. Battery life extendedBattery life is short compared to other watches. Except that its a great product.Love this upgrade from the series 6. Although no much difference it’s still a pretty nice watchBest smart watch out there sofar. Isnt worth the price if you have the 6 series thoThe price is the same as the Apple Watch 6 but some different features , the size is  definitely bigger, The green color is a new color for apple watch which cute, band is easier which minor different but nice one.Love it! Was looking for a replacement computer, and Found this great upgrade!Bought this for my son away at college and he finds it very usefulGetting used to having a watch on my wrist,  havent worn one in years.One of the best smartwatch. No complaints after 2 years of use
One of the best smartwatch. No complaints after 2 years of useCan’t go wrong with an Apple product. The series 7 watch is my first Apple Watch.I bought as a gift for my Mom. It’s a bit small for my taste but overall goodit works amazing just think  it has some features very similar to the other onesThe battery life on these is only one day; should be like the fit bit.Love the watch !! And best buy's price match!
And fast deliveryJust right
Good app integration with the iPhone should have got it way before nowGreat smart watch, just wish the battery life was longer.  Maybe lasts ~36 hours.It is ok but not great because it’s Battery life is less than 24 hours.This watch is great!! I love it!! Great quality and value.This is a Great purchase, so for I have no complaintsI like my Apple Watch, the only problem I see is the battery is down very fastAwesome product and works great.  Paired well with iPhone and functions as expectedTook forever to get the trade in activated, not different from the iwatch 6Watch has many practical applications. I use it daily to monitor my activity and track my steps. I occasionally answer phone calls but it comes very usefully when responding to texts on the guy. Albeit it is extremely overpriced, definetly one of the best smart watches on the market.It’s a little step up for the 3 series. Battery life is still bad.I like this watch better than previous ones! Definitely a good upgrade for meReceived this for Christmas so still learning how it works like it so farGreat watch. Husband loves it. Love that it does an ekg which is coolWork great, just wish the battery life was a little longer
I can sum up this product in one word…. Annoying. 1. Siri is not good. It often misunderstands what you ask it to do. 2. The Wi-Fi in this watch often glitches out whereas my other Apple and non-Apple tech gadgets do not. 3. Battery life is not that great. You can get a maximum of 1 day whereas Garmin and a few others lasts for days. 4. The product’s safety feature fails miserably because most people will take it off at night to charge it because it does not last longer than a day. Well, are you not very vulnerable to a fall in the middle of the night? What happens when you fall and are not wearing the watch because it is charging next to your bed? See what I mean? Utter safety failure. 5. The user interface is confusing. They have jammed in so many things onto a tiny screen that it makes navigating difficult. 6. Privacy focused text messaging apps like Telegram simply do not work with this product. I could never get Telegram to work right. I rely on Telegram for private communications with certain people. Your primary text message option must be Apple Messages. 7. Comfort. It is not very comfortable in comparison to my Garmin Forerunner which is so comfortable I often forget it is on my wrist. 8. Color. What is going on with these ugly colors? Can we not just get black? Nope. The closest thing to black is something called midnight which is really a very dark blue. Other color options are a feminine pinkish silver, dark red, dark green and midnight. Overall, this has to be one of the most disappointing Apple products I ever tried. I am definitely going to return it. My main reason for my return is the technology is unreliable, quirky, and plagued with glitches.Great apple product and fits great no complaints good watchThe watch is amazing and  highly recommend buying itAs expected. Too costly. Works ok. Minimum characters = 50.  StupidGreat watch for tracking more then just looking at steps total.Good deal for the price. This model is the perfect size for meThe watch is great, but Best Buy service is the worst. When purchasing watch I asked salesman three times if everything was included in box to make sure watch would work and charge without having to go back and purchase anything else after gift was opened. I was assured nothing else was needed each time. Watch was opened up as a gift and behold, there is no plug for the charger included in the box! Now another trip had to be made to pick up a plug ( got that at Target so Best Buy wouldn’t get a sale).  Why not make it easy for your customer?  If the watch needs another plug or a power source not included in the box, TELL US! I have to get it anyway. Why cause the grief on someone’s birthday of getting a gift they can’t use til later on?  Best Buy needs to get someone to train the sales people to have common sense 
Boo Best BuyMy only issue is my phone needs to be charged nightly.Love the Apple Watch 7 but wish I did not have to charge it every night.Bought this as a Christmas gift for our daughter! She loves it!Received this is a Christmas present to replace my iWatch 3got this for my daughter. i'm not an Apple person, but she loves itOrdered on a Wednesday new series 7 arrived early Friday morning which was the day of releaseCan’t review. It’s a Christmas present. Will send an update after ChristmasApple watch series 7 is a real value. Will recommend productReally like the watch and it’s function’s. Like the fitVery good and product is delivered as expected. Overall happy.Omg I’m so in love with this watch. The display is large!Once water enters the speaker’s it’s hard to kick it out.Great watch but battery life is not so great......
It’s an Apple Watch series 7 41mm maybe should not cost as muchIt's a watch, but not vastly better than previous oneLooks nice and is larger than the last but not too big.Great watch but could be better. Needs legit upgrades though. Similar to series 4.Excellent watch. Durable . Easy to link. Would recommendBought it as a gift.  I haven't heard any complaints.I am so happy with this product. Thank you BestBuy.Thanks for the watch. Fantastic item using it everydayVery disappointed with my experience as Apple does not recognizes receipt and serial number provided by BestBuy and therefore any changes on the profile are not possible. Apple does not care if this was a legit purchase even after providing BB bank statement for the purchase of the device. Could not reset the watch due to unknown sign-in details (used email from former work ID). Applecare could not reset the watch as they did not recognize the serial number provided by Bestbuy. Beware of buying apple products from Bestbuy. To top it off, purchased this watch with monthly subscription of AppleCare which has proven to be of no use.If you're thinking about getting a smartwatch and never owned one, this is definitely the best time to!
The screen looks beautiful and bright. The screen is 20% larger than the Series 6, which makes a big difference. I originally wanted to get the green one because I thought it was so pretty, but its darker in person. Instead, I went with the Starlight because its easy to dress up or down. Its more of a champagne color. Very pretty. 
There are alot of watch faces to choose from.
You can make calls from the watch, receiving end has said calls are very clear. Speaker on watch is pretty good too.
Main reason I got this was to play offline music. You can download Apple Music to play offline. Spotify also has made it possible to download and play without a phone. Both applications do not take much storage for songs. The 32 GB internal storage is enough. 
The watch lasts a full day with plenty of notifications coming through. Important note is that I have Always On Display, off. I don't need the screen to be on all the time. The lift to wake is just fine for me. 
There is now a full keyboard. The swipe to text works good. I prefer speech to text since it's just way more convenient. 
The Spigen ToughArmor case fits well if you're anything like me and tend to bump your watch into things a lot :)
I love that all the bands fit on this watch. I am currently rocking the Sand Pink Sport band from Apple with the Spigen Case. 
I have a fairly small wrist and the small/medium band fits well. 
If you guys have any questions you can comment and I'll try to answer them the best I can :)I wanted one for a long time so I broke down and bought one kinda pricey. I charged it completely within 6to8 hours back on charger. When your up at 5am and your watch quits on you mid day I have a problem with that. Always on charger.Wish it would have come with accessories of some sortLike the last one but newer why buy it bc they made me. Not telling you whovery very very very very good.  merry christmas to meItem was described in "excellent condition" but received the product with minor scratches on the screen.me encanta la nueva pantalla de mi apple series 7 hermosoLove it but battery life I feel is short. Vet comfortableThis is a review for a watch used on a smaller person. Found it a little heavy and battery is subpar for the priceDisappointing, as I am a 1st time apple user. this watch eats battery.
I Haven't gone hiking or mtn. biking to test gps or durablity. This short review not very helpful. For an expensive watch I was hoping more.Excited to buy apple watch. Not happy with battery life and no other easy charging options.
Like the watch but didn’t come with block to plug charger into. Doesn’t fit in a standard usb plug. I returned to store to obtain charger plug and was told regular iPhone brick would work. Nope wrong size. Only plug was iPad ProPaired easily. Works well. Would recommend to othersOnly holds a charge for 1 day and does not come with a compatible plug for charging.This is my first Apple Watch. I like the the heart rate, water proof, ecg, and oxygen features but overall not very impressed for $400. Yes it has a lot of app options, but that’s what my phone is for.Why does Apple have to make the charger different????This review is not about the product but about the associate who tried to sell us an open-box watch. We bought and paid it in full then the associate put it in the bag (they usually don’t do this) to hide that the item he’s giving us is already ripped open. When I got in to my car I found out that he sold us an open-item watch. I went back to look for him but he’s nowhere luckily the other associate recognized me and helped with the replacement. Why do you need to do this?I admit I am not Savvy about anything like this watch. I have had trouble with that since day one and would suggest if you were going to buy this watch get someone to teach you if you’re like me.Not a bad watch expected more for the price. Battery life wasn’t great unless I just had a defected oneI obtained the Apple Watch because it is used as part of a clinical heart study. The study requires you to wear the watch, even when sleeping. The problem is that Apple has done little to improve battery life. The battery never lasts a complete day. Even Apple rates the battery life at 18 hours. 
Once the study is complete, I will get rid of the Watch.  There should be NO reason you should have to charge a watch every day.although I really wanted the watch in black and I'm supset that they stopped making this version of the watch in black, I'm getting used to this color (good alternative)Ordering was easy but pickup was horrible and took too long. Staff was not professional nor knowledgeable in directing customers where to go. Overall love my watch!I liked the watch but I didn't use it quite as much as I thought. I would. I wasn't too thrilled about the price.It got very hot when changing it .we had to return it.Not bad for daily users 
And not good for rare usersGreat watch. However “most durable” and with the ceramic screen, I wore the watch literally 1 hour going into the gas station, afterwards there was a huge scratch in the screen. I am a very careful person with my devices, and that is ridiculous.Meh. Small is too small, large is too large. Nothing special added, not worth it. ReturnedLooks great, easy to use, Loves all the features, loves the colorReceived an open box version that was missing the charger.I am concerned that it doesnt hold the charge for more than 12-24 hours.  I am following the heart health program and I need it to hold a charge.A watch is cool but couple issues noticed like most of the apps does not work.and the battery depreciate quickly. Not satisfied for the price paid.
Decent watch, it has real cool options. I like all the options change it dailyStylish and efficient. I love my new Apple Watch 7. I was the person who was like why do I need an Apple Watch when I have an Apple phone? But I realize how convenient it is to just have the watch on and not worry about where your phone is. I love the features on the new Apple Watch as well as the bright red color which is my favorite. Go get you one and buy one for your friends or family.Love all my apple toys! Except the watch.  The battery life is horrible.  Don’t know what I’m doing wrong on setting it up or whatever, but just not doing what I thought it would, and my 20.00 Wyze watch did lots more.The watch quality, and the comfort is great. But not stylish as my Gear S3.Looks very good, has all required features. Love it. Midnight color is exceptionally nice. Only thing I did not realize while purchasing it is belt size... somehow it fits me on last hole.. we need to order small belt if your wrist is small.The battery life is awful. i shouldn’t have to charge it at 24 hrs or lessLove the watch, hate the fact that it has to be charged every 18 hours. I doesn't make it two daysPurchased this Apple Watch and noticed the battery wasn’t lasting more than half a day. Was a gift, so didn’t get opened till two weeks after purchase. Apparently 2 weeks is the time frame to return item, so I brought it to geek squad. They said they couldn’t help, but if I went to the Apple store, they would replace it. That wasn’t true at all. Been waiting a week to get a return box, so they can check the battery and possibly replace it. No watch replacement. RidiculousGood one but very less battery life. Features are best.Constantly disconnecting . Thought maybe original watch was defective but this one was no better.This was purchased as a gift. The person was updating their watch and absolutely loves the IWatch from Apple.Fair there was no charger in the box when I purchased itI have a series 3 apple watch I thought I was going to replace with the series 7, but the series seven doesn't last an entire day without needing a recharge, and my series 3 can easily handle a full days use.  
- still considering returning this, because while it's a series 7; this is the first time apple fumbled on an upgradeGo with the smaller one if you’re like me and want to forget you’re even wearing it while exercising. I went back and exchanged this for the larger 45mm version and I totally regret it. 
Anyways, like all Apple products it’s over-priced, but you already knew that. For those of us already committed via iPhones AirPods etc., it’s worth the extra $100 over other smart watches because of the seamless Apple ecosystem fit.
This version doesn’t have cellular, but you can download music/podcasts directly to the watch and listen without your phone nearby. Works this way with Spotify, too. Neat feature. 
I’m not exactly sure how accurate the sensors are that monitor heart rate and blood O2, but anywhere in the ballpark and they can be useful.
Plenty of fully customizable faces with all sorts of information and shortcuts you can choose. 
Oh yeah, and it also lets you know what time it is.This apple watch is super stylish. Apple combines color and functions are just right for gym and multiple info. My wife is very happy with this watchWatch works but Apple decided to not include the AC adapter for the USB-C charging cord.  TERRIBLE timing to make a change to the product and it was not made clear to the consumer that they would not be able to charge the watch without making an additional purchase.I bought this to detach from my phone, even more. I went with the smaller of the two, and happy I did. I am relatively thin, so my wrists are a bit puny. The 41mm looks nice without looking like you are wearing a laptop on your wrist. If you are even a little on the fence about buying one of these and, you are a iPhone user, just get it. It will surprise you how handy it is. I bought it mainy as a fancy exercise tracker and find myself using it for so many simple tasks. Apple Pay on the watch is simple and still turns heads when you use it. Super handy at the grocery store and gas station also. I have been happier with it than I expected. I would recommend if you workout any, or at all, get one of Apples Velcro Loop bands. The standard, and even the Nike bands with the holes, are no where near as comfortable, or easy to clean. My only gripe is that it is Something Else to charge. The mini charging pad included works quickly which makes it a little less painful. Probably shouldn't complain when I am wearing a computer on my wrist that is 5000% faster than my first PC in the 80's. Great product and look forward to seeing the next one.I really like the watch but it doesn’t come with adaptor. An adaptor is about $10-20.For $399 one would think that I wouldn’t have to charge this watch daily.I bought this as a gift for my wife who upgraded from a Series 5 40mm.  She has been happy with the new screen, size, and additional color accessory options.  She has easily noticed the speed of charging and the longer battery life.  For the first time, she has been able to sleep with that watch on after a full day of wear to evaluate her quality of sleep.  Of course, while the watch comes with several new hardware enhancements, app developers haven't released as many apps that use the new features.  Those will come with time, though.  This is a great watch to purchase if you want to take advantage of the newest hardware.  If you happen to have a Series 6, I personally think you can wait for the Series 8, as the new features aren't distinctively anymore profound than those found on the Series 6.
Very sportive but if you can afford the 45mm go for itThis was a gift for my wife. She absolutely loves it. She’s still trying to figure it all out. Saying that, it still is pretty user friendly. Fits great, looks amazingDecent price for a Christmas gift but unfortunately still overpriced.Battery only chrged for 1 day  Fitbit was 1 week for charge, but lots of apps on watchSo far my only complaint is you must charge the watch every evening.Got this to give as a Christmas present. So done. Recipient happy so far.Great Watch!  Love the colour - it is unique and not just black or blue!  Easy to set up, light weight, easy to use.  Bought as a gift for my duaghter and she is absolutely thrilled and loving it.Had to return due to being the wrong size, I ordered the 45 mmThe watch would not charge or hold a charge. In addition it did not include a charging adapter plug.  Why would this product be sold without informing the purchaser it did not come with a charging adaper. With just a cord it is impossible to charge the watch.  It was a surprise Christmas gift and I am very disappointed, the watch was returned for a complete refund.I gifted this watch and after a week the watch stopped working the watch was ON but display was stopped working , after going to apple and bestbuy finally decided to return the watch as Apple decalred as defective.Sorry I would love to review this product -- But this is a Christmas presentFirst watch, nice fit and design but kept disconnectingLove everything about this watch! The 41mm is the perfect size!Ordered 2 open box excellent condition because I know Best Buy sends poor open box products. I wasn’t surprised when they arrived and both looked like they came out of a dumpster. I was trying to get one for my wife’s birthday.  Maybe I’m just unlucky but open box excellent edition products I order from Best Buy arrive in clearly used condition.Setup took hours & very frustrating.  Never expectDisappointed that the Apple series 7 that the plug did not come with the charger and no one at Best Buy mentioned it.I had tried three different smartwatches prior to purchasing my Series 7 that claimed to have the same features and benefits as the Apple Watch. The reality is, nothing compares to an Apple Watch. Not only do they not compare, they aren't as refined or technically sophisticated or as reliable in the way that they function and pair with other Apple products. I'm not saying this because I'm an Apple geek cause I'm really not. I just like a product that works the way it's supposed to and doesn't take more time trying to make it work than it does actually using it. The Apple Series 7 is bullet proof and knows what to do even before I do. Example, it knows when I'm on the elliptical and instantly records my workout before I tell it to. It counts my sleep more accurately than any watch I've ever seen. Its features are ample with many that I will never use. The apps are well organized displaying the right amount of information. The one negative that I found especially after using other smartwatches is the battery life. The 7 Series watch barely last an entire day. Even with all the conservative settings, it's hard to get 24 hours out of a full charge. The good news on the battery, it fully charges in about 45 minutes. This is the amount of time it takes me to shower and get ready in the morning. Overall, this is a useful product that helps me improve the quality of my life. It's hard to put a price on good health and that's what the Series 7 is all about.I absolutely love my Apple 7 watch. It’s very convenient to answer my text and make quick calls. Set alarms and timers while cooking. Best gift my husband has given me!Very nice looking watch, i like the color and easy to programThe watch did not keep a charge. I returned it, which was inconvenient. I was not offered a replacement at the same price. Only told I would get a refund and could reorder.
No review as of now this was purchased for a Christmas giftGreat color and band combination.  New features are nice and useful.  It was a real nice birthday gift for my wife.Beautiful and functional Apple Watch. Love the color and smaller size for my 6” wrist. Easy set up and has so many health features, I can’t ask for anything more.I have the 3 Gen Apple Watch for myself, I bought this for my mother to track Heart Rate and EKG.  She loves it, great color and clock face features.  I bought her a Fitbit earlier this year, but this watch has the additional features that she needs now.  This was an early Christmas present and she loves it.  I would highly recommend the watch.  I've been happy with mine for years.  The only thing that I would suggest is to ensure that you have the plug that accommodates the charger because it's not included in the packaging.  The package includes the charger cable but not the plug.Comfortable and stylish with all the features my husband wanted- a great birthday gift! Highly recommend due to durability, comfort & style!Excellent watch! Easy to use, nice looking and very high tech with useful health features.I have really liked my Apple Watch. I had considered purchasing one for a few years and then finally did! I'm so glad I did! The health & wellness apps are great. I feel like I have significant control over how I want my watch to look and act, so that's great too! The Apple Fitness is a nice feature too! Its helping my stay active during the day, check the weather, keep track of different time zones, its pretty slick!I love my series 7 Apple Watch in Starlight.  It’s super comfortable, the band is the most comfortable ever and quick and easy to take on and off.  The watch is very fast charging compared to my series 3.  The Starlight color is beautiful and so neutral it goes with everything.This is my first Apple Watch and I'm very happy with my purchase. The Starlight color is very sleek and goes with everything (silver or gold jewelry). Its also really nice having all my notifications on my wrist instead of having my phone out all the time. I can easy set a timer while I'm cooking or view my activity for the day. I would definitely recommend the GPS option if you don't mind having your phone with you.The new Apple Watch is an embarrassment for Apple.  I received 2 of them as holiday gifts.  The first one had defects in the watch crystal face. We returned it and ordered a second one.  The second one cracked within 20 minutes wearing it playing golf.  My 40 year old Citizens watch has never needed a replacement crystal….  The watch has no independent functionality but acts as an extension of the i-phone.  Such a waste of moneyLove the upgrades. Much easier to use with the enlarged screen and better functionality. Looks great, love the new color starlight.Product defect, didn’t hold a charge compared to my 45mm series 7. I wore the both at the same time everyday, charge at the same time, settings set the same. And I got a day and a 1/2-2 days on the 45 and not even a full day on the 41.I love it! This watch is beautiful! I love the bigger face and has many different options I use. Some of my favorite options are the many faces, timer, exercise tracking, exercise rings, sleep mode, heart monitor, and notifications.My wife loves the color and all the new features and the slightly smaller size with a bigger screen that wraps.I originally purchased the Apple Watch 7 41mm. After one day of wearing it I decide to return it and get the 45mm. I love apple products and the new features on the watch. Battery life if excellent!Love the newly redesign and a unique watch. Easy to pair and a lot of health functions which are useful to check. I love the new green color. After more than a month of usage, I like it. In additional 
I recommend to buy it from Bestbuy because it had a $70 off, good deal.This was a Christmas gift for my mom. She loves the color and all the features it comes with.I returned the watch because the battery wasn’t holding a charge for more than a day.  I bought the updated Fitbit instead.  It’s cheaper and does everything I need.Bad store manager of the store told me the watch will arrive on 26 but it arrived on next day miss my wife birthdayA very nice Apple product!  I love it! My husband surprised me with a new Apple Watch for Mother’s 
Day!  I love the color and it’s soooo easy to use. I didn’t realize how much I would like one. Now I can’t live without it!!!
They market this watch over the SE for being “durable” yeah right. I purchased this watch for Christmas for my husband, very next day it fell off his wrist(the band was somehow stretched out) while he was getting out the car and broke. Screen completely shattered. $400 waste. Get the SENot been able to use it yet.  I can’t seem to get it working.  Can you help me?Not what I was thinking. Was told it would be like my phone and fit bit put together. Not even closeThat’s was so amazing Apple Watch, much better then series 5. Better design and Jps works better.I liked the color and the features. Trendy. The best Watch till now.Very beautiful watch the color is wonderful and goes with everything! The screen is noticeably larger and couldn’t be more pleased. Definitely would recommend Apple Watch seven. There are several colors but this new color was so eye-catching.I love my Apple watches . I have  heart arrhythmia and I can run a ekg and pulse at anytime . I like the fall notice feature since I am elderly now . I like to read my text and emails without pulling out my phone all the time .I can not speak more highly of this Watch. It's Apple's best yet, from the bigger screen to the better battery. The display is stunning, and I got more life out of this one in my daily activity than all prior models. The larger screen also makes it vastly easier to send messages from the Watch than switching back to your phone. A must-own for Apple Watch lovers.Battery life sucks. If you like to charge it every other day then buy itEvery year it’s said when Apple releases the next upgrade to any of their products, “The best ever”. This holds true each and every time, even when the changes might seem minor at first glance. The Series 7 Apple Watch is a refined product that makes everything prior to perfection. Who doesn’t want a more durable design, bigger screen and faster charging. The colors this year give it an even better aesthetic and character than before. Hands down the best smartwatch in the industry right now.The watch is very nice. Love the color. Looks great with a pink band. Great features.Love my new updated watch. Very happy with the varies options.Much improved specs. Slick design as always. Not many new technologies compared to previous versions (just the blood O2 measurement). I’d prefer that the emergency call for the “fall detection” would be first to the emergency contact and then to the emergency services. Many old or disabled people fall, but just need help to either get up or just rest. They don’t necessarily need EM services. And due to some of them not being very “versed” with the watch calling, they might not understand who is talking to them through the watch.girlfriend loves this watch!!
easy to use and looks great!no good no good no anything help so bad here waiting long timeBought this for my fiance for her graduation and she loves it! It has so many different features and works seamless with her iPhone 13 Pro Max. I have one myself but the Series 7 45mm and I love it also. Battery life last enough to get you through the day. It has great app integration like Spotify and Apple Maps. I would definitely recommend it!Bought this for my niece for Christmas. She loves it! Since she got it she is constantly finding new features and things that help. She hardly looks at her actual phone anymore since the watch allows you to nearly do everything I guess if you just need a bigger screen. Like the find my phone feature and to be able to talk and text is amazing. Great giftBought it as a Mother’s Day gift for my wife who was upgrading from the Series 3. The new screen is great and the starlight aluminum color is very sleek. Would definitely recommend.The ECG and heart rate options are awesome, amazingly accurate.  Works seamless with iPhone 12, notifications come though quickly.  I pair my watch with my phone data plan.  The walkie-talkie feature is cool.Beautiful watch. I love the color and features. Fast shipping.
I originally only came in to pick up my Geek Squad order, however I was finished early and not given the best news so decided to browse the MacBooks. Zared explained everything about them to me, and helped me narrow down some of my choices so I could go home and think about them, review and so on. As we were talking I noticed his watch, and asked questions about it, he was an Apple Watch, and very quickly explained how I didn’t need a carrier, could use my apple wallet to pay, and several more features we had discussed while looking at the MacBooks. So definitely one of the best sales I’ve had in while.Nice upgrade from one of the very fist releases. More user friendly and more features.  Hopefully it lasts as long as the old one (which is still in use).I love the Apple Watch…. However extremely disappointed in the lack of progress in the battery.This is going to be the same type of review. Over priced but it works great. Not my ch different from the last versionFirst watch I got volume did not work returned it second watch battery was completely dead so I asked for a refundThe best feature is the Find My Phone!!!
Also I use my watch to track my walking time.
It is comfortable and yet still stylishGot it as a gift for my wife and she loves it! all the features that it has, the reminders to move, or stand up really helps too. battery life is a little short if the display is always on but if that feature is turned off we only charge it every other dayThe series 7 watch is amazing I got it as someone with a heart condition to help monitor my health and boy did it work. The ECG ( similar to an EKG) is simply to use and spits out results in 30 seconds and saves the day. 
It monitor your heartbeat throughout the day and can give you an average and show you what it is currently all while you do nothing and best of all you can input any symptoms you may have to be stored along side your data and pulled up later for your doctor. 
My doctor is actually able to link to the device. 
This watch is like a modern day life alert and I recommend it to anyone. I was in distress in a parking lot buy myself and my watch pick up on it and asked if I wanted to call emergency services and with the single push of a button I was connected to dispatch and help arrived. Best of all a savvy nurse saw I was wearing my new watch while I was in the ER asked to look at the medical data which I was all too happy to provide.
The watch also allows for my heart rate to be monitored during my rowing workouts on my concept two with no extra apps.
I fully utilize the watch to include gps features for long e scooter rides. The watch vibrates to notify you of upcoming turns along with audio commands. As a result I do have to charge it dailyVery easy to use!  I have had several other smart watches/fitness trackers but my new Apple Watch 7 is the best!  I love the customization of the watch faces and the easy integration with my iPhone.  Enjoy having several different watch faces to chose from to suit the occasion, or to match the band I have on it.  Prior to owning it, I was never a fan of the square form factor, believing that a watch should be round!  but the shape has grown on me, and I have selected several dial style watch faces.    
I stay active and engage in different sports and activities; I find it very easy to select the right activity that I am doing and have the watch start tracking my efforts.  being able to check messages and emails is a real plus.This new color in the apple watch series 7 is a homerun.  It is the best looking and most unique color they have put out and actually give the watch a high end jewelry look and finish.  So now on top of all the technology found in the watch - you now get a high end looking piece of fashion jewelry.Really enjoy the new colors and the larger display. It may not seem like much on a spec sheet if you are reviewing solely that to make the upgrade. However, I found it to be worth it after using it. Solid choice if you are looking for a new Apple Watch.Same as the others, nothing change. Waste of money.I upgraded from an Apple 3 to the 7 and the ease of use is the same. Disappointed in the O2 saturation function. You have to remain perfectly still for 25 seconds and even then it may not give you a reading. I was hoping to use this function during walks and other activities but that isn’t possible. Otherwise i’m happy with the new color and all its functionalityCharges very fast. Love all the features. Can download my own pictures for face displayWas ok, I paid a lot of money for this watch and did not get a charger for it, I called Apple to get my charger and was bounced all over the place, I still don’t have a new charger for this watch, this series requires a new style chargerI’m giving only one star because of the poor design and over price. For 100$ or less Apple Watch SE or series 3 option are much better but still not a worthwhile buy.This is a beautiful sleek and sharp watch. The color is absolutely gorgeous and the watch itself I can’t say enough about. Too options to mention. Exactly what I needed. This was a great value purchase.Just moved up from a series 4 - which was an amazing workhorse of a watch. This one is just as comfortable and loaded with features, a bigger, clearer screen and stays charged longer. Love it and love the color update.Prior to purchasing the new series watch, I had the Apple Watch Series 3. I’m loving the upgrade, especially with new updates. Texting is a lot easier on the watch, and love the full screen feature for photos. Battery lIfe is much better on the new series as well. I would highly recommend!My doctor requested that I get an Apple watch for medical reasons and it meets those needs nicely.  But it’s also FUN to play with!!  The green color is nice looking and the 41mm is just the right size and weight.
I purchased an open box Apple Watch and when it got open it had a code meaning there was no way to use it… someone didn’t do the job of resetting the Apple Watch so we had to go the next day and wait half a day until they fixed it. Very disappointed.I love all the features that this watch offers.  Plus, the new design has more space for information on its face.Easy to use and beautiful design. The acre en id very Bright and the battery lasts a few daysI was hesitant about becoming a fully decked-out "Apple nerd" since I already have a couple different activity/fitness trackers and I'm not much of a watch kind of guy anyway. But the feature I mostly tracked was sleep schedule and quality which none of my other trackers did very fantastically.
This thing is seriously packed with a lot. The ecosystem is expansive with all the functional apps and options that I didn't realize were built to use specifically for the watch interface. It's seriously like a full phone or tablet compressed into a small cute but beautifully bright, clear and colorful screen. I've only just begun exploring all the things I can do with it but I'm impressed so far.
Ps- If in doubt, get the bigger screen size if price isn't a factor and you are not sure.easy to use - long lasting battery -heart rate and ekg features are a nice editionI was very disappointed when I opened the package and someone who packaged the item at your facility STOLE the watch out of the box!!  There was even a dirty fingerprint where they took it!!  Will not buy from Beat Buy again!I love it!  I love the handwashing feature, the sleek and sophisticated look of the Midnight watch, and I love all the new exercises they added.  Definitely would recommend to anyone looking for a smart watch :)don’t buy the new apple watch on here unless u wanna wait 2 months. absolutely ridiculous when i could’ve just went into the store and bought one for now. my watch has not moved once from the sorting facility 5 hours away from me ….. so don’t buy ur apple watch hereI love my Apple Watch series 7.
I upgraded from a series 4 and I am glad I did.  I purchased a gps without the cellular because I can answer my phone when it is with me and my phone is always with me.  The person talking to me through my Apple watch  has said it is clearer than using my speaker on my phone.  I did not want a smart watch before I bought my original one but now I cannot live without it. The Blue is a great color.Horrible Battery life!! Cheaper Chinese watches last longer than these!!I transitioned to the i7 from another smartwatch and a dumb watch. I was skeptical at first but … The Apple is perhaps less functional but more fun than the other smartwatch and perhaps less durable but more versatile than the dumbwatch. A nice compromise and it just looks and feels better. I also like how it pairs with my iPhone so well. Alas battery life gets just two stars although it charges quickly.Bought this watch for my fiance as a early Valentine's and anniversary gift since she needed a watch to go with her new iPhone she bought on Christmas. So far she is loving it, she is having too much fun with it. We both like the different health features it has specially since she has a few health problems. So far she is liking it and I'm happy about it. I am looking forward to getting my own apple watch myself hopefully this weekend. Also, I love how small but bright it is! And how smooth it is to move around it! Haven't really tried it myself since I don't have one, but she had been enjoying it so far. We both are Android users who moved to Apple to test it out, so far so good.The color is beautiful. Battery life is okay, I wish it could be better.This watch is awesome. It’s easy to use with tons of features that I never thought I would want, but I now use daily.Upgraded from the series 3 and love the new features and color.I love it and it does exactly what I was looking for. Also is very good looking. Easy to use and read.quite happy with it.I love my Apple Watch 7 41MM. It has the good features but I did not use few features related to the health. Someday I will try using EKG. Mostly, I used my workout. It is friendly for me. I almost got Apple Watch 7 45MM cuz I thought it looks good on me. However, it looks bigger than my wrist. My right wrist is small. I am deaf and use a sign language. 41MM is more comfortable for my right wrist. If I got 45MM, it could be little bother to me cuz it is unbalanced on my wrist. Apple staff helped me how to choose a right size of Apple Watch. I traded my Apple Watch SE to Apple Watch 7 41MM at BestBuy. The staff did an awesome job to me.Love it, wish the battery didn’t waste so fast. Can’t have too many active apps or notifications. After I removed them the battery wastes a little less but not too big of a difference. I turn it off ar night. Can’t comment on durability yet. Overall I really do enjoy having it and being able to receive calls and text messages. I also like I can change the wrist band and decorate the watch with bling bling covers!The new 7 is worth it all!  Love the color choices but really love the bigger view. With "getting older eyes" it is so much easier to see. Love the storage as well.  Very happy!I got this for my grandson for Christmas and he loved it. The blue color is very cool and matches his baseball teams color.  The new features and size make it worth the upgrade.
An avid Fitbit user, this is my first iwatch.  It’s totally different, it’s like a mini iPhone on your wrist.  Still trying to get used to it. There’s so many features and still learning how to use it.  
I will say the running feature is awesome. It recognized exercise quickly! The gos feature captures  time and distance pretty accurately.  Good buy!Love the watch and Love the color it’s is a beautiful deep greenWorks wonderfully, stylish and comfortable. Great piece if technology.This is my first Apple Watch. I feel incredibly stupid for waiting this long to buy one! This thing is SO amazing! I decided to go with the Graphite Stainless case. It’s certainly more expensive than the aluminum models which are also super nice. The watch is very easy to setup and connects nearly instantly to your IPhone. The apps and available customizable watch faces are nearly limitless. The 45mm fits my wrist perfectly - it’s not too big. It looks amazing! Make sure to order a USB C charger when you order your watch. I’m not sure why it’s not included. Other than that it’s perfect!! Absolutely love it. Probably one of the best little things I’ve ever bought for me!Beautiful watch that can be worn for just about any occasion. All the features make it worth the money. It's an excellent tracking tool for all my exercises.The new features are amazing. They must have upgraded the battery also. Do not have to charge it very often. Well made apple product and reliable.Great watch, easy set-up, and beautiful color! I’m so pleased.Best Christmas gift !! Purchased this for my boyfriend to replace old Apple Watch that broke and it was the best decision! He loves all the new features and larger display!Great gift!  It was a birthday present for a social person!  Much easier to read than previous models! Great for someone who normally needs reading glasses. Love the green, not too green!Just right for a recent birthday gift.  The recipient loved the color and the functionality.Great product! Bought for a gift and it was really enjoyed! Great color and comfortable fit.Very easy to use. I was hesitant to buy since I don’t use watches. But after using it and learning the features, I fell in love. I don’t search for my phone to answe anymore.I used to have an apple watch serie 3 and I was having some issues with it, but with this one I am able to keep better track of my exercise and actually getting it count. I like the new things that comes with it like the oxygen level. Also once it has a screen protector over it, the screen is not so touchy and it saves me battery and it does not turn my volume up and down all the time when I am wearing a long sleeve shirt. I love the color is just like in the picture.Bought as a gift for my wife and she absolutely loves all the features the Watch offers like GPS, ApplePay, etc. Highly recommended.Bought for my wife as a birthday gift. She loves all the features. I also bought a different band and facecovers to change the look. Very versatile!I was hesitant to upgrade from the 3, but I’m glad I did. The watch is the perfect screen size and I love the color. The new features are cool too.i was skeptical about getting an apple watch with having to charge it all the time.  The watch charges fast so this isn't an issue.  the features are great, especially the fitness tracking and coordination with apple tv fitness which is excellent.  Very easy to set up and use.  I couldn't imagine living without it now.  the only complaint is the silicone band is not easy to use so i replaced it with a buckle free band from apple which i highly recommendI did buy it a gift for my wife! She loves it! Great colorUser friendly with multiple options. Love the color.I was skeptical at first about an Apple Watch vs. my longer time relationship with Fitbit, which I truly love. Took me a long time to break the ice and buy one. I do like it a LOT and it does so much more than fitbit.
Pro: Super versatile and lots of features, making the iPhone even more powerful. A great companion to the iPhone.
Con: Requires a daily charge for +-hr. Mt Fitbit went a week before I needed to charge it, so this is a bit of an inconvenience.
My daughter loves  it, and the color is beautiful.I like the larger watch face on this model.  I've owned 3 apple watches and this one has a few more features than previous models.  It has better heart rate measurements, sleep tracking and charges more quickly.  I have been able to charge it for 45 minutes before bed and then keep it on while I sleep.  It also notifies you when you've washed your hands for the recommended 20 seconds and gives a message of disappointment if you wash for less time :-)  Other than these features, it functions the same as previous models.Watch is great… battery last about a day and a half. Makes life a little easier without always having to carry my phone around. I am able to do my daily task have my phone secure in my bag but still be reachable and able to respond. Setting up was such a breeze. Mind you this is my first apple watch and I havent had an iphone in over a decade. We shall see how long it last but so far so good.This watch has been a total upgrade! I had one of the early editions of the Apple Watch, and the series 7 is great. Perfect size, and the color is beautiful.I buy it for my daughter Christmas gift, she is in love with the watch, she like the color and size. Can’t not be better gift that’s what she said.Love the color and series 7 features.   Get a lot of compliments for the look/color.I love this watch, I waited a long time before getting an iWatch.  Didn't see the value.  It is so nice, sleek, easy to use.  happy I bought it!Very surprised by the quality and functionality of this watch. It’s also easy to use and has features that make it outstanding for older peopleSleek and elegant design that works seemlessly with the iPhone.   Others just don’t have the structure this watch has.  Love the new color tooProduct covered the screen. However. Two days later it was no longer on the watch. It was very thin. Did not last.I bought this for my sister, and she loves it. She uses all the features, and just loves how easy it is to use.TheThe Apple Watch 7 is basically the Watch 6 with a slightly larger screen and the ability to charge faster – most people will likely choose the Watch 7 because of the new attractive colors it comes in, rather than any new features. Apple Watch 7 is basically the Watch 6 with a slightly larger screen and the ability to charge faster – most people will likely choose the Watch 7 because of the new attractive colors it comes in, rather than any new features.I love the new starlight color and the new health features added to this watch. I wear it when I sleep to help track my sleeping. No complaints about the watch here.Excellent watch,Love the color and features.Very easy to use.I love it. I like the size, the color and everything else this serie 7 has. It charge faster than the serie 4. I love the features.This watch is the best version yet.  Has all the features and functions you can ask for.  It is very stylish and has great battery life.Only have had it for a week now, but it’s easy to use, has a lot of great apps and features that are free, and has helped me with my exercise journey.Amazing beautiful colors and ppl where so helpful on allowing me to try it on to see what size I like bestLove! Beautiful watch color as well. I’ve been an Apple Watch user and love the 7! I am a runner so I mainly use this for fitness tracking.Great apple Nike series 7 the best in the game better then the 6 it’s works great tells alot
Upgraded from series 4 and love it!! The 1 mm difference in screen size (40mm to 41mm) is actually a welcome and drastic change. It looks like twice as much screen space!! The clarity of the color and imaging on the screen are top notch as well!! I love it!! The battery, at full charge with moderate use, lasted just shy of 48 hours. Approximately 36 hrs I believe. Definitely an upgrade from my series 4!Definitely a must have , plenty of apps , easy to use , and nice size since bigger screen , definitely recommend to get one , and live the green colorWaste of money, bought 2 of these, one didn’t work returned both. Got my $850 back.This is my 3rd apple watch, I’ve had the 1,4, and now the 7. The 7 is faster with more features but I mainly wanted the always on display. Battery life is uneffected by the always on display. My most used app is the “find my iPhone” which is a real time saver. I got a great price on an open box making the deal even better.I love every I watch I’ve had. They have a cool new feature on it. And just a great product. Can’t wait for the eight. The new design that is being shown looks awsomeVery simple and elegant. The features it has are very simple and straight forward allowing you to perform your most basic tasks.I have been an avid apple user for some time and this watch is an upgrade from the Apple Watch 3, it took a heartbeat to get accustomed to the larger screen but now I love it!! Color choices are great and the ease of changing the bands make life quick and easy! I work outside and depend on my watch because cell service is sometimes spotty! I have not used the GPS aspect but I am sure I will love it too!Very cool Apple watch. I like the color and the fit. It's very versatile.Looks great and works wonderfully.  Oxygen sensor feature was a surprise.  Was a perfect gift for my spouse as an upgrade.Next gen. works seamless integration with iPhone. multiple colors availableLove the color, feature are awesome. Better accuracy with exercising. Connected easily and set up with ease. Love Apple Watch!I love my Apple products, and love the new Watch Series 7, has great features, easy to use, connects well. Worth the buy!Love it! It is. But more the pink sands color aluminum but it’s beautiful! Great face display and easy to change the bandsI started researching smart watches several months ago because my daughter expressed interest in getting one to track her fitness/workout routines. I decided to get the Apple Watch for her as a Christmas gift to pair with her iPhone. After checking out all the cool features on the S7 like the ECG & Blood O2 sensors, fall detection, etc. -- I went ahead and purchased one for myself too and I'm so glad I did! It's the perfect size for my wrist and I love getting the health/wellness updates throughout day.I finally replaced my 1st Generation, yes, really, Apple Watch and I’ve noticed the difference immediately. The display is so much bigger and easier to read texts and emails. I loved my 1st Generation watch, it lasted 7 years. But I’m glad I finally upgraded and I’m looking forward to this one lasting just as long.Lovely! Love all the new features, great battery life, love the bigger screen (41mm), easier to read, comfortable to read.Great watch with even better features. Only prob i have is that its a bit small for a male, took it back and got the bigger one. Love that i dont need my phone to listen to music on my runs, with spotify premium acct, dont know about other music apps.This watch is not worth the money.  It will spend more time on the charger then on your arm.Band cheaper made. Color changed quickly because of clothingDressy looking color & plenty comfortable, so far. Might like to change bands @ some point.
Love it got as a gift  and comfortable plus easy to useGreat fitness apps and safery features with connectivity make this watch stand out.   This one is a nice color.I love my watch. It's the perfect companion during my workouts and it pairs seamlessly with my phone. I have small wrists, and I don't feel like the 41mm looks bulky on me. I also don't think the screen is too small. The wristband is very comfortable. It looks stylish and sophisticated. It also charges extremely fast. It takes less than an hour to charge from 0% to 100%; it takes 15-20 minutes to charge from any other percentage to 100%. After years of contemplating whether to get an Apple Watch, I'm glad I waited to get this one. It works perfectly. No complaints.Awesome color and features for a series 7 watch . It has Some great features and display is good too..Bought it as a gift for my fiancée and she loves it. She went from the 3 to the 7 and she wears it all day every day. Battery life is amazing, especially comparing to all the older models. Comfort and size is perfect, she’s got smaller wrists.Great choice and generation of watch. I bought it as a gift for my mistress and she loved it. I got my wife one also and she loves it as well. Durable, elegant and luxurious. Highly recommended and great value and  bang for you buck!If I knew before I bought it that it needs to be charged every day never would have bought it!Gift for Wifey and she loves it! 
So many features and looks to go with it. 
Great job Apple!Low profile and super easy to use. Love the fitness trackingLove my Apple Watch. Easy to use and looks great. Best watch everApple Watch is easy to set up and looks great.  The features and apps are helpful in everyday activitiesLove it!! Great features and very nice colors to choose from. Love the new faces for the watch.I purchased this watch for my wife, and she absolutely loves it!  The color, and being the latest model was a plus.  The last watch she owned was the 3rd series, and it was time for the upgrade, and we know that the durability on these watches are legit.  She uses it everyday and it tracks her daily routine fitness.  I got her the non-cellular version because she always has her phone with her at all times.  It's was a great buy, and you can't go wrong with this watch!Looks great, feels great and the apps work well. Color goes well with my wardrobe.I get one of these for my wife every few years, and once again, this one seems to be another hit. It looks like the last one she got, but it does more. She likes the Toy Story  screensavers. Also helped her locate her phone, which she left in the pantry. I have no knowledge whatsoever about the specs, just that she is really impressed with this one, so it’s an upgrade.My watch is a brilliant piece of work. It has so many feature I did't know I couldn't live with out. The timed alarmed, messages so i don't need to check my phone, oxygen levels when I was sick. My phone keeps me moving, if i am sitting too long, it'll let me its time to stand up. Tracking  my steps and exercise has really encouraged me to keep moving to meet my goal. Thank you Apple!!I love all the features on the new Apple Watch. It’s my first Apple Watch and love that I can answer a call right from the watch. I also love tracking my fitness, checking my calendar, and responding the text from it as well. The heart monitoring features are very interesting as well!Got this for my wife and it’s already paid for itself. The ECG feature detected irregularities in her heartbeat, which has been verified, and she is now awaiting further test results. Hopefully not life threatening, so can’t call this a lifesaver, but I can see where it could be so. 
Personally, I’m old enough to remember Dick Tracy using his watch to have phone calls, so for me, this is a cool feature. :)My daughter was thrilled with her gift, I purchased an open box item that was literally brand new, not even taken out, was just the wrong color for whoever it was that returned it...saved a bunch of money doing it that way and woukd do it again in a heart beat..I bought this Apple watch for my wife's birthday after we got our son one for Christmas. After seeing all the features and how easy it was from him she decided she wanted one. She really enjoys the watch and the hourly temp's and microphone feature. It was easy to synch up with the phone/
Upgraded from Series 3 to 7. LOVE IT! Very easy to use and I love the features. The screen is large and very clear.Watch was a gift and worked out perfectly.. Price was reasonable and desired color was in stock..The Series 7 is a solid watch. It is user friendly, a great look and as always a dependable product.Cute warm color. The color compatible with all kind of clothes. I love it.This is a really nice watch. Stylish, great for work for responding to calls and text messages, and very user friendly.Very satisfied I definitely recommend I love the lookVery nice gift. Better than my girlfriend's old apple watch and has so many more featuresLove it, it great the 45 mm recomendable for any oneAwesome watch color quality Technology my niece was very happy with this beautiful watchMy daughter loves it! It has so much more features too.  I will surely be buying myself one.I was worried for the color , but it’s a beautiful red . Easy to use . I’m an apple fanEasy to set up and user friendly. Love the color; hope they come out with accessories soon.Love this watch has many features and looks stylish.I love everything about this watch, the color, quality, features etc!Love the watch.  I own one and this was a graduation gift.  My granddaughter also loves it as she learns more about. I procrastinated purchasing one for myself 18 months ago, and it didn’t take very long to chastise myself for not doing it sooner.Love the watch so many great features. Looks sharp on too!I upgraded to this watch after my old one stopped holding a charge/working the way that it used to. There isn't much difference between this one and the earlier models of the watch. I do like the always on screen. it makes it easier to glance at the time without having to "wake up" the watch!Great watch, easy to use and looks stylish! Love all things can do with watch.Love the blue color and all the new features are greatcannot report on Battery life or durability as it was purchased short while ago but no complains for now.  Very convenient for checking calls and messages. I turned off ringer of my phone so no one distracted.  Good health and fitness feature.
Love it! The ECG is a new feature. Looks pretty and elegant. I got the gold stainless band separately.It was a gift for someone and they loved it! Very sleek design.Bought iwatch as a gift. Beautiful design and easy to use.The watch would be 5 stars+, but the battery life is horrendous. I am returning it for refund.Love this Apple Watch. New larger face is easier to use the touchpad. Battery life is great. I love it for tracking my running miles and the built in gps is great for tracking miles when biking and I don’t have my phone on me.Was looking to finally upgrade my series 2 Apple Watch as the battery was finally starting to go. Unsurprisingly, Apple has improved virtually everything about the Apple Watch experience in the last 5 generations. The UI is intuitive and smooth. The screen is bigger, brighter, and more responsive. The workout and health apps/tracking are richer and much more accurate. Cannot recommend this snart watch enough.Excellent items. Nice features, good and easy to use.Excellent product, price and quality, the pink color is very beautiful.Excellent watch with new design and sleek features. My wife loves it!This is a great watch. We love all the new features it has and this color is so pretty!Okay so to be fair I'm coming from Galaxy Watches.  I absolutely loved the Samsung Galaxy Watch4 but it would not connect to the iPhone so I very reluctantly made the switch.  I've always disliked the design of the Apple Watch and to be honest I'm still trying to come around to the idea of a square watch.  The apps on the watch are impressive - far better than Android - and the navigation is very simple and easy to use.  A few areas that need improvement are the strap - it's not easy to put on with one hand.  Another is some of the Apple apps.  For example I listen to Apple Podcasts from my watch when on a run.  Podcasts don't download unless the watch is charging.  A minor issue that should really be an option for the user to decide.  Another issue is that the Apple Watch doesn't auto switch bluetooth headphones between the iPhone and Apple Watch unless they are AirPods.  This is very anti-consumer behavior and the main reason for the 4 stars review.Great Watch with great features.. perfect gift for Valentine’sI like the color and finish. Touch screen is easy to use and requires minimal effort.You keep requesting a review. This is a Christmas gift that has yet to be given to the recipient.I am enjoying my watch with its comfortable sport band. All of its features work well and coordinate with my iPhone 12mini, as described. Although I was aware before purchase, I wish the battery life was longer than 18 hours. I am still trying to find the best time to recharge the watch, especially during “long” days.it was a gift and they loved it, easy to use and good quality.Excellent upgrade from my previous Series 4. Love the color as well!Item was so good and i ordered my wife she likes the color it fits very cute for her. ThanksLove the features! Love the look. Battery life could be better.I am extremely happy so far with my Series 7 (no cellular).  Everything works as it should, the display is large even on the 41mm, and the tuck watch band is getting easier to use.  The only downside is the battery does not last as long as I would expect and maybe even slightly worse than my previous Apple watch.  I have to charge it daily at the very least.
Beautiful color, love the battery life. Works my my iPhone 13 seamlessly.Love the color band is so smooth. Works perfect and I love the hand washing feature.My daughter ❤️  her gift and enjoys all the functionsExcellent Watch! I really enjoy the newest color and health feature.I was expecting to “ wake up” when raising my hand, BUT is on ALL  the time …The Series 7 is full of features and definitely adds some value without being too obtrusive. Only complaint is that notifications between watch + phone can be a bit inconsistent.Love the color; sharp looking; Christmas gift that’s enjoyed by son.I really like my new Watch! The green around the face is quite dark, almost looks black, which I like. It’s a great upgrade from my series 5. Battery life honestly seems about what I’ve come to expect from a new Apple Watch - doesn’t seem much improved, really, but it’s not worse. It’s currently at 68% and I put it on, fully charged, 12 hours ago.Love Apple Watch 7 
The color is fantastic, enjoying the updated featuresNice addition to my Apple Watch 6. Sporty and excellent features.Nice design and color got it for my daughter she loved it for ChristmasBeautiful watch and the color is amazing for femaleThis new APPLE watch Series 7 has many health features which I enjoy. Fitness tracking is also very good. Integration with my iPhone is excellent as well. The battery now lasts well over 24 hours and charges back to full each morning quickly while I enjoy my coffee and read the news.Excellent! Great gift for the holidays and loaded with features.As expected, Apple watch delivers.  Love the watch, getting used to all the features since it is my first apple watch.  Sturdy, and have even used the phone feature on it.  Recommend.This was a Mother’s Day gift to the wife and she loves it. Battery life is great, lasts over a day and a half based on normal use. The screen is much better than the previous series 3 she had.I really like this watch. There is so much to learn about it, but the information to download is very helpful. I am increasing my activity due to the prompts it gives. The band is hard to close, but is getting easier.This is the fifth Apple Watch I’ve owned. The 7 is sleek, comfortable and a lot more durable. I love the health smart options, it charges faster, the battery lasts longer and it the display is edge to edge now. It’s great, I love it.Pretty watch and very intuitive. Looks good and the always on display is niceThis watch is sleek & user friendly. I’m happy I made this purchase.
Apple products are always Amazing. I enjoyed the starlight color so muchI really love it. I used to had the series 3 but after a while it won’t update anymore. So when the new Apple Watch come out I was getting to get the new Apple Watch. Best decision ever. It’s so cute, nice, everything I could ask for. If your looking to upgrade your new to the new one do it you won’t regret it.My first apple watch I purchased and I received it super fast! I love the features this newer model has. Also recommend just purchasing basic level (cheaper) of having your phone around with the apple watch because the texting capabilities reach pretty far :)Awesome features. Love the heart monitor. Tracks workouts well. Battery life is great. We’ve had an Apple Watch for over 5 years and will never have anything different.I love the color and the features of this watch! Great buy!I got this in a deal 60 off and my total tech membership gives me free AppleCare. The watch itself is great. 
It’s always good to buy products from Best Buy. I love being able to shop in store ask questions and make the right decision. Plus you get the same price discount as with other retailers.After struggling what to get my hubby that has everything I settled on this… it’s been a hit!   I’ve worn an Apple Watch for years and he always said he didn’t want one… he hasn’t missed a day wearing it yetThis was an upgrade from an Apple Watch 4. The improvement in speed and size is amazing. I love this watch. I love the always on feature and the bigger screen. It really is a must have.Been using it for awhile now and I am loving every second of it- All its features and how it looks. Wish the battery has a longer life but the fast charging makes up for it.First Time Buyer of an apple watch and I must say I love it. The Dark Green on the watch itself is very very dark, which I must say I thought would be off putting, but it I like it due to not being flashy. Does all the functions you'd think of a watch and more. There are some hidden features that you'd have to look up on Youtube, but once you do, you'll be pleased you did.Love it! I love the new color and features! I'll get one more for my cousin!Hubby really likes this watch and it did take him a little bit to get use to the different features than his old not an Apple Watch had. Hubby said he was happy with this purchase.Fantastic watch. Upgraded from watch 3 and couldn’t be happier. Great battery and awesome new features. It might not be much of an upgrade coming from 6, but anything lower is a stepupGreat watch, with many features that make life easier.I love this watch! I used to have an older one and I am fascinated by the new additions. It performs better than before and the battery last longer than before. The color is real nice and I don’t think it’ll scratch that easily. I do recommend a clear protector so it last longer. Overall very satisfied with my purchase.My mother switched from an android to iPhone, but her Samsung watch was not as compatible… got this for her as a Mother’s Day gift and she loves it!I love this watch easy to use very sleek too
I ordered it and it shipped quicklyBought this to replace my Apple Watch series 3. It had more features than the old model. Love the Blood Oxygen reading. It’s bigger than my 38mm old watch too.I just upgraded to this watch from the 3 series that I had for years. This watch offers all the features I need for health/wellness matrix. Having the ability to change face designs is really cool. Pairing with my iPhone was super easy. I’m very happy with my purchase,Great watch.  Looks good, feels great.  Syncs very well with my apple iPhone. Battery is great if you don’t use too many apps.  Battery life could be better.
Great looking watch. This was a gift for my wife. She had the 1st generation watch and needed an upgrade. Charges pretty quick and the processor is much faster than the previous genFeatures a lot of options and stuff you might want to have but don’t really need. 
Has a great battery life and I dont have to worry about flicking my wrist like before because the screen is always on.
Good productI love this watch.  It is so easy to use and has so many interesting functions.  It helps keep me motivated to be active.  I love how it talks to my iPhone.GREAT!
Stylish and sophisticated; love the color!!Best that is out there. I have tried watches. But switched to apple because of apple watch. It’s accurate, easy to use, nice interface. Only con was the battery life but fast charging resolves that problem too.Best watch that I own and love the look of this new colorExcellent 
Purchased for my wife because it was my no special day gift.  She loved it.  She is not a technology enthusiast . Was curious why I purchased. After a week she said.  Hmm not bad.  Now I cannot separate her from the watch.Highly recommend having an iWatch especially those who are active and like to track their physical progress. The watch looking as cool as it does is just a perk.Nice stylish looks good with everything. Made a great giftIt looks so delicate and I love the new features. Battery life last moreMy granddaughter loves this watch! Beautiful colorWhat else can be said about Apple’s latest edition watches? Got this for a gift and she LOVED it! Many colors and really easy to use. Highly recommend.The watch is very easy to setup and connects nearly instantly to your IPhone. The apps and available customizable watch faces are nearly limitless. The 41mm fits my wrist perfectly - it’s not too big. It looks amazing!The color is a deeper red than in the photo. Only downside so far with series 7 is not really have accessories in store atm to purchase. this was a gift for my GF and she is in love with the thing. Upgraded her from a series 3I really like my Apple watch, had a fit bit , no comparsion . 
I am NOT talking about all the features to do with your Iphone connectivity  .
It more accurate , better options , can see daily and weekly info immediately . Easier to put on  and more comfortable  to wear.Excellent and easy to use.  I bought a continuous glucose monitor and it is so handy to use with the watch!  All the apps are easy.  I also got a a few months of Apple fitness +, yet haven’t tried it and look forward to tryingGreat color and nice big screen for female.  Looks amazing.My wife loved the gift & was satisfied with the help we received at Bestbuy. The iwatch has changed her life in so many ways. She keeps track of everything now.I had an older series I got in 2017 and there really is a nice difference between the two.  I specifically got the for the ECG monitor.  I also I like to use it with my sleep app to track sleep. Not the most important part, but I also like the color of this one too!Excellent responsiveness and fitness tracking. Comfortable and stylish. I love the apple ecosystem and this is a great addition for any apple lovers.
The blue is a beautiful shade.  The new features are nice.I love this watch! I bought this for my son who has heart complications and the ecg feature gives him peace of mind and helps him check his rates. The graph is great!Enjoy this watch.  I like the exercise features on it.  Still learning how to use everything.  Siri tends to pick up conversations when I fold my arms.  You will need to charge it each night.Having an Apple watch is a superb accessories as part of owning an iphone.  I am not a watch person but when I received this as a Christmas gift, I was surprised.  Once the two devices are paired, they work well together as do all Apple products.  I'm very happy to have received this gift.Apple Watch series 7 41mm with sport band. I like all of the health features that come with this watch. The band is not comfortable and I wish the watch face came in a smaller size. I love that my phone can be in the house and I can be in the yard and still get notifications and phone calls. The gps is great too.Upgraded from a space gray series 4 to this one. It’s totally worth the upgrade. I love the red, the larger display, & always on feature.Love it, I have not worn a watch in 20 years. I bought this for the EKG and heart rate monitoring, because of health reasons. But I was so impressed by the other functionality and features that I was not expecting at all. Not sure why I waited so long to get one.Beautiful watch and a cool color. On time delivery.This is my first Apple Watch purchase and so far I like it… it’s easy to use and I like how the watch and iphone work in partnership with each other. I’m glad I got it.Motivating activity rings help me push to do more. Peace of mind offered by heart monitoring features. Pricey but still love it.Apple does it again!! The Apple Watch is great, the new futures are very nice and the watch operations are smooth and easy to  navigate.The Apple Watch 7 is basically the Watch 6 with a slightly larger screen and the ability to charge faster – most people will likely choose the Watch 7 because of the new attractive colors it comes in, rather than any new features.Best Apple Watch yet. Lots of great features, awesome look.My other Apple watch series 4 would'nt hold a charge any more, so I traded it in for a series 7.  I love this watch and I like the color.  I love being able to check my O2sat %.Love the watch & color. The metal Almost looks black so you can swift up the watch bands & it match’s everything. Super long battery life.Great product, easy to use and very comfortable. Comes in handy in day to day situations when your phone isn’t accessible.The apple series 7 size 41 is amazing. Got it for a gift for my wife and she loved it didnt think she needed it but hasn't stopped playing with it somce she got it. The speaker even amazed me when she answered a call from it. I am definitely impressed.I bought to gift to my sister and she loved it. Olive green color looks so good. I want to but 44 cm but it was not in stock so i bought 41 cm. It is also a pretty good size.One of the best things I’ve ever bought. I have bad anxiety and this thing is a life saver. I never have to worry about my heart rate again! I can take an ECG at the click of a button! It has so many awesome features. I absolutely love it.Love it love the features easy to use great Christmas gift
After 2 of my fitbits died on me after only having them a year I finally decided to upgrade to an apple watch. I like it so much more. The only drawback is that I have to charge it everyday, vs the fitbit lasting for almost 5 days without a charge. I do understand the apple watch has a lot more features on it so I accept it. Other than that I have zero complaints. Glad I was able to snag this during a sale. They are pretty pricey, but worth it in my opinion.This  is my second Apple Watch. I upgraded from a 5 to this 7. The 7 has more features, but is basically the same to program and use. I hit a really good trade in on my 5, so it made upgrading reasonable.This is a replacement for my apple watch that had a broken screen.  I love this thinner model with new face options.  It also has a few new features that are nice.I really love the new features, but as others have stated, the battery does not last very long.  I could wear my old watch for 2 days before it needed to be charged.  This one has to be charged every day.I had a watch5 but it was stolen so I needed to replace and the 7 was less than a 6, so it was a no brainer.  The 7 is a 1 mm larger and I notice the difference.  It also has several new features like O2 sensor.  I also bought a protect cover that makes the overall watch bigger but I like it.watch is great. like all the features.  lets me know how much more exercise to complete my rings.  I like all the features.Great online ordering experience, and in store pick up was a great option but most importantly, I love the Apple Watch. It has more features than I could have ever imagined and  so many ways to customize it for my needs and style. I would definitely recommend it anyone.First Apple watch in the family.  Love the sleek look and functionality is off the charts.  I'm sure to get one for my spouse for a birthday present.Awesome product! Awesome service! Use this for time-keeping as well as workout tracking and it’s made my life so much easier and more efficient.Wife needed a new watch when her model 4 broke; this one was just released and the 4 and 7 were almost the same price, obviously got her the 7.  She likes it a lot, they've added some new features, and the battery lasts her all day on average.my husband is very happy with it, particularly the heart rate monitor, oxygen monitor, and other health features. it has been durable and good battery life.This is a great watch with lots of updates compared to earlier versions.   I got a Starlight band and don't like that, it's more of a grayish color.  Wish Apple still had the white band.  But watch is fantastic.Very happy with the Apple Watch and the health features it tracks. It is quite convenient receiving  “Dick Tracy” calls while drivingI love the color and the bigger screen display.the battery life so far is okay. My last watch the battery started to drain fast, but so far this one is okay.It’s an apple product. It’s amazing. Not much else to say. Basically a mini phone on your wrist. Great Safety/Health features!
Only complaint is battery could be a tad better but charge is quick.It made for a nice bitsy gift for the spouse,  a bit pricey but was what she want. Small price to pay for happinessLove this watch! It has all the bells and whistles. Health and fitness made easy to track. Easy to set up and easy to use. Very durable! I have hit it against something a few times by mistake  and  thought, “Oh no!” But there wasn’t one scratch!This is a great watch. It has so many features and also a feature that detects if you are in need of help (fell down etc.) and will call emergency personnel with your location!Watch is great looking . This was a replacement for an older iwatch that I had. So easy to use and connect with my phone serviceI finally upgraded my Girlfriend Apple Watch Serious 2 to Serious7 and she absolutely love it.  Don’t get me wrong I’m amazed/ surprised that her Apple Watch Serious 2 was still kicking it  for 5 long years , but it was overdue for an upgrade.
The watch has so many unique features and makes it easy to keep track of schedule, messages and workouts. I like how I can personalize the faces to my tastes.Great purchase! The series 7 does so much more than my old apple watch did. I also really like the color!Excellent running and activity watch. Has all the running features of a Forerunner with the added sophistication of tracking daily life and virtually any activity you are in to.I bought the watch for my wife for our 4 year anniversary since the theme for traditional is fruit and flowers. The Apple Watch was perfect for my fruit, she hasn’t taken it off yet and its been 2 days.Bought this for my mother in law and she loves it. Minor upgrades from the 6 but the green is such a beautiful colorGreat display options. More functions than my previous Apple watch for fitness tracking and health.The watch has been great. Love the activity part and the assurance of medical alert if a fall occurs etc. Apple products are user friendly. Happy with the purchase . Easy ordering process, quick delivery .Apple Watch 7 is easy to use.  It is the first Apple watch I have owned.  I love being able to answer calls without having to dig for my phone.The larger display enhances the entire experience, making Apple Watch easier to use and read. I love it.Love my watch! Upgraded from an older model, & I’m happy that I did. Pretty color, bigger screen, gives everything you need. I wear mine daily.I love this watch, it really helps keep me organized. Allows me to get my 10,000 steps in daily with gentle reminders!!!!Sleek. Starlight color goes with everything.  I really enjoy the fitness circle because it pushes you to be more active.This was a gift for my wife's birthday. She is very happy with the watch and is discovering all that it is capable of doing.
Great gift.I got it for my wife and she loves it. The blue color is so unique and the addtional feature are awesome.Love my watch. The band is a a nice neutral color so it matches everything. The screen is bigger than my old one. Makes such a difference. Very happy with my purchase. Happy it’s waterproof. I tend to get water while doing the dishes.Love the watch and it’s a great investment ! I started with a series 5 and now I have the 7 and there are many more features.Early Christmas gift for my mom, an upgrade from her Series 3. She loves the size, just a little bit bigger makes all the difference for her to see it better. Bought the 45 for myself, a nice upgrade from the 3 with always on, ECG and a bigger screen.Got this for my mom to monitor health stats and for the emergency fall detection. No complaints and easy to use.Excellent gift for my mother. Enjoys the watch and loves how it tracks her Zumba class calories.I had a Nike version 4 and wanted an upgrade.  I was concerned that the face size would be much smaller than I wanted.  However, after getting it home, turns out it fits just right.  I love the edge to edge display and it seems a bit faster.  I'm happy with the blue color as well.
I love this watch! I’m so glad I upgraded to the 7. I love being able to change the colors on the face of the watch. It’s super comfortable.The 41 mm size fits my wrist well. Once I get familiar with all the apps, it is so easy to work with it.The Apple Watch is so beautiful, get lots of compliments. Wow! Love wearing it. Can do so many online things with the watch and I’m not using my phone for things that I can do on the watch. Plus a great sale price!Works great. Was a gift for my wife and she loved it. It’s made her daily routine so much more manageable due to how easy it’s been to keep track of her tasks. I rarely see her without it now. I’ll probably pick one up soon.Great watch. The color is unique and I love the fast charging. The battery life is ok. I don’t think it would all day and overnight without taking it off to charge for a bit. But otherwise I enjoy the watch.Apple watch is working as expected. I purchased on line and picked up curbside. I love being able to do that when I don't have time to run into the store. The watch has lots of great features.I love this watch. I had been looking and finally decided to purchase. Love the new features Apple offers with this Series.Love the new display size and the new color. Very happy. Watch OS has been smooth for me. If you have an iPhone and have any need for a smart watch and/or activity tracker then this is a no brainer.Surprisingly easy setup and easy to use. So glad I switch over to an Apple Watch.I love this watch and I wear it every day. I do think you're paying more for the apple name then any features, but it works well and looks good.Love this watch and the abundant health features it comes with.  Definitely would recommend buying this maybe if you have a series 3 it might feel unnecessary but I definitely am happy with my switchBest Apple Watch yet! Allows for smart charging and charges much quicker than the older series watches. Very nice screen display. The band is comfortable and doesn’t come off your hand with sports movement like running. Stays on nice.This is an upgrade from the Series 2 for me. I love it! Easier to see and read without my glasses. Plus love the other newer features.Nice watch and has sooo many features! I’m still learning how to use it. The only downside is that it needs to be charged daily.Great Watch, Features Galore.  Health Monitoring, Phone, Text, Music.  ... and of course, TIME.This is my first Apple watch.  It is amazing to see and respond to notifications.  It has large and clear displays and I like a more rounded design of the watch.  The charging of battery is very fast.  It looks durable to me.  I would recommend to others.Great product. Amazing the functions it can perform. 
It does take about 45 minutes/day to charge, and it does not continuously monitor heartbeat near as I can tell. It seems to periodically sample the heart rate.I got this for my brother and he absolutely loves it, the bigger screen and sleeker design is just amazing. Best Buy delivered it in a timely manner too.I like the color and first time purchasing a smart watch. Really happy that I made the choice.Bought this as a gift for my wife. She seemed to like it a lot and has used it quite often. The charge lasts all day. IT would be nice for there to more options for bands vs just the rubber/metal ones they come with.
Nice upgrade from the Series 6, I get 12 more hours of battery life (36 hours with the Series 6, 48 with the Series 7).  It detects movement easier, though wasn't a huge issue with the Series 6, and the screen actually looks bigger even though marginally it isn't that much!Not a watch wearer, however the series 7 feels comfortable on my wrist, and does not even feel like I am wearing a watch. The features are stellar, one of the most helpful items I've purchased in a long time. The display is excellent. Would definitely recommend.Very good watch. Does as promised. Color is nice. Size is perfect for small wrist.I upgraded from a 3 to the 7 mainly for the huge amount of storage. I’ve really enjoyed the extra features so far. Best though is not having to erase the watch for every update. Plenty of room for those now!Love this , I would give it a 10 star but unfortunately I can’t do that. I love the color green but the Apple Watch looks black but still a good color ! I mean you can tell it’s a really dark green but I mean it still looks blackBest watch , my girl loves it ,the starlight color is better then gold and the screen reaches to the edges and is fast and battery last longerJust moved up from a series 4 - which was an amazing workhorse of a watch. This one is just as comfortable and loaded with features, a bigger, clearer screen and stays charged longer. Love it!I love wearing the watch and receiving notifications and updates with out having my phone on me! Im excited about the many features I have yet to explore!!Nice looking watch, has plenty of features and customization.The screen is bigger and easier to type, even my baby is impressed with it, because your able to display more picturesApple's best watch ever,  love the watch. And the battery life is awesome too. Having upgraded from a watch series 3, this is a huge upgrade, especially with the health and fitness features.Apple Watch… the best! Features can’t be beaten! Highly recommend for everyone. Fall feature is terrific!I waited a long time to buy myself this watch. Definitely worth it. Very easy to use. I haven’t submerged it yet but I have gotten it wet. No issues to speak of other than the battery seems to drain quickly like 50% by early evening AND I keep getting an alert about the ISO update and I have followed the instructions, placing it on the charger and letting it charge to at least 50%… so far it has not updatedLoving it!!  It has all the features that I need!  Being a teacher and mom, it helps being on track of things.  I couldn't imagine living without it.... and getting myself on top of things.As everyone knows apple products are good. looks great and fits perfect.Green is a nice color for an apple watch.  This is the fourth watch that I have purchased and they have all been great.  This is no exception.Always loved apple watches but now that oxygen feature is on it it’s even better!This is a great smart watch. It’s very customizable. All the health features have already helped me with tracking and making  lifestyle changes.Applewatch: great functional daily smartwatch
Bestbuy:They pricematched and had the color and size I wantedI’ve really enjoyed having this item, it simply males my life easier by acting as a second but easier accesible phone
Love this new Apple watch. It has way more features then my series 4 did.Still learning all that it has to offer, but love the ECG and activity featuresExactly as advertised. I love the larger face and the features. I had a Series 3 but this is so much better. I daily use the health apps. I would definitely recommend this watch.So much faster than the series 3 that I upgraded from. Ask the health and fitness features are amazing.Gift for my wife and she seems to be loving it as she is able to track her work-outsColor Green is really good. I worried for the first time but it's really good. Watch frame is really dark green so it's close to black so it goes with any color band.I bought this for my wife for Christmas and she loves it!! Loves the color and it looks great on her!! The buying experience was great as well!! The rep was very helpful and nice to work with!!very easy to read and program, really like the color, I make sure I have it on when I leave the houseBattery power is great compare to older generation! I love the different bands and the colors of the watch.My wife loves it! It’s nice looking, it’s the right size, and loaded with useful applications!I love the Apple Watch 7.  I replaced Fitbit with it, I find it easier to use than my Fitbit, easier keeping track of my heart rate while spinning.Excellent product. Sturdy and comfortable. Would definitely recommend.Great smart watch. Easy to set up and very easy to use. Quality Apple product as usual.I purchased this watch for my wife. It is her first Apple Watch and she absolutely loved the Starlight color. She adapted to it very quickly considering she’s never used one before.This iteration of Apple Watch puts other smart time keeping devices to shame. Sleek design and good functionality! Best Buy had a great selection. Will buy again!The always ON feature is great since you don't have to wait for the watch face to come up and then read time.
Also the wallpapers using portrait pictures are feast to eyes.Apple products keep getting better.  Always on is a nice feature that's been added to this watch along with pulse oximetry.  Great product!This is my first Apple Watch. Watch works amazing and looks really nice, but the watch band that comes with it is somewhat uncomfortable. Rubbed my skin raw after a while. Will probably look into getting the braided band instead, but for now I just make sure to switch sides that the watch is every day as it results in less irritation. Wish the battery lasted a little longer, but I charge it before bed and it lasts the whole night/most of the next day.Very nice looking and so comfortable love these new series of Apple Watch.Best replacement Apple Watch ever! I love this watch and all the features.
Looks really nice, feels good, my watch goes with everything I wear.Beautiful! I bought 41 mm and it was perfect. O recommend this item.Bought for a gift for my mom, she loves it! I love that it can tell me if she falls.Great design. Love all the features and different options to customize it.upgraded from iwatch 5...great new features, good battery life.  love it!My first Apple watch after many years with Fitbits.  I like it!  Easy to use and seems to be more accurate.  Downside is battery life.  Daily charging isn't terrible but not ideal for a watch.Excellent watch.. able to connect to my iPhone and easy yo navigate.Nice color, lot of features and a true smart watch. Loving it.Love my Apple Watch! Does what it’s supposed to do. Love the color! Works with screen protector alsoBought it for my wife on her birthday and she's been using it ever since. She really love it and happy with the gift.Purchased this as a Christmas present for my wife. She loves the features and the battery life. I appreciate the available extended warranty and purchase options through BestBuy!This was a Christmas gift for my wife, and she loves it. It was easy to set up and her all the functions she needs plus some. It will take some time for her to learn all the features available.Great buying experience!! Hassle free and very simple. Best Buy had the watch in stock when no Apple Store in the county had it. I bought the watch online and picked it up in an hour.Love the phone feature. Can talk on the phone while my phone charges.I purchased this watch as a birthday gift for myself and I love it, it has more feature enhancements such as larger facing and I’m still learning other featuresBought it for my gf what can I say best way to not buy her a ring and it’s simple just like her if you don’t have a brain this watch is for you.This was bought as a gift. My wife loves the apple atmosphere. It was a great gift during the holiday's.Awesome for a gift. I love this watch.  Buying another one for myselfEnjoyed Mother's day gift. Plenty of options and easy to learn.The 41mm size was perfect for my wife. She loves all of the health features as well. The watch band is comfortable and she likes the ability to change bands when needed.
Love the color and size of this watch. Great with jeans, scrubs, etcI really like this generation Apple Watch. The bigger screen and the longer battery life make my life easier. I would highlight the fast charging feature that this Apple Watch has. It is a monster.Great watch in a fabulous color.  Have never seen this color before and have yet to see anyone else with it.  It's gorgeous and works great.  Very comfortable band.Best mother day gift ever she loves it texting and saving picsThis was a gift for my wife for Mother's Day and she loves it.Works great with syncing and all apps.  Sleek and looks great!This was perfect for our high school grad! She loved it!Really nice apple watch. A must have watch and amazing features.Excellent features. My wife loves the comfort and design of the new watch.Good size. Comfortable. Love the color. The interface is up to dateI got the watch on sale. I absolutely love it. I bought it as an upgrade from the series 3. It works so fast compared to the old model. The camera feature is awesome to sync with my iPhone 13 proImproved responsiveness, functionality, apps and visually stunning.Good quality and design, love that, longer battery lifeBought this for my 16 year old daughter. She loves it!  I didn’t think she would use it much but she wears it every day and uses it all day long!  It was a great gift!I love my Apple watch, and cannot imagine life without it!solid product and great new features from apple. 
i love using it for working out and tracking activity.
definitely an upgrade from the series 3!Big upgrade from the Series 3 watch.  Love the edge to edge display, much easier to read and easier to tap on the screen.  Best Buys made it easy to trade in our watch as well.My wife absolutely loves this watch!  Best gift ever!I’ve only had this watch for a few days, and I love all of the health related features!  Heart rate, pulse oxygen, EKG, fitness, sleep tracking… and the list goes on.Upgraded my apple watch and i loooove it. The text back feature on the new watch is really improved
My second Apple Watch. Better than the first one! No complaints.I bought this Apple Watch for my son and we like the color a lotGot this for my GF on Xmas. She loves it and uses it dailyI like the work out features and how it reminds me to stand when I’m sitting too long.I previously had an Apple Watch Series 3 and super excited to get the upgrade. Love all the features and updates.  I'm an Apple  Watch fan!Wife loves it and wears it all the time. Looks chic and matches just about everything.Bought this as a gift for my Mom. She loved it and wears it all the time. The health features were the main reason she wanted it.Bought this to replace my Apple Watch series 5 after I smashed the screen. Doesn’t appear bigger size wise, but the display does look bigger. Love the colorThe watch works as expected. Seamless integration with iPhone.The watch is pretty cool and I bought it as a gift for my wifeGreat watch, it was purchased for my gf as a Christmas gift for its health monitoring abilities. It is a lot easier to use than expected and used more than expected.Great watch very versatile and easy to use. Best model so farExcellent watch. My sister really loved it as her present.I love it! This watch is great, the new blood oxygen feature is awesome!Great watch. It seems that the battery will only last a day. Lots of features.Love the watch!!! Fits very well and has great featuresAbsolutely loving my Apple Watch! I’m learning more features every day.  So useful in so many ways!!Great gift! Fits perfect! Battery lasts over 24 hrs. Charges fast.Got this to go with my new iPhone 13 pro max and love it! It’s looks good and works well with the phone. Can’t recommend enoughLove all of the features of this watch I still have to educate myself on all of them.  It's fun and a benefit for my health.  I do wish,however, that a power USBC port had been included.
Love my new watch. Perfect size and features are greatI’ve been been a watch person until Apple Watch! It makes life so much easier, even when I’m busy, I can just take a glance & know I’m not missing anything important!My mom got it for the health features, and she really likes it. She liked it so much it convinced me to get one too.Love the new series. very pleased with display and featuresBeing an Apple product, it of course meets my expectations. The watch is beautiful, fast, keeps time…. All things I expected.Great Display and looks attractive. Better than previous versionsSeries 7 is a great watch. Health features are nice.Love the watch. Battery life and features are great !Bought it and love the resolution and the unique colorExcellent watch love it and all the new features:)Replaced my old Apple Watch.  Love the new featuresNice improvement on the 40mm model.
Fast updates and beautiful finishThis watch is perfect for me! I love it, even the color.Easy to use and comfortable wear. I live the color blueUpgraded my wife’s watch from the 38mm. The new screen design seems like a massive upgrade. She loves the new watch.Great size for my wife! Fantastic upgrade from Series 3.Great present for my wife, she had a 1st Gen & absolutely love this 7th Gen. It’s stylish, compact, easy to wear.Love my Apple Watch 7 - the battery life is excellent and I love the colors that you can get. Highly recommend getting the Apple Watch 7Bough it as a gift for my fiancé and she loved it!, the watch came well packaged and safely secured in the box. I’m very pleased with my purchaseLove all the new features this Apple Watch has over my previous Apple Watch.
Perfect for work out and body management, like the colorI love the larger live area on the screen, and the fact that the watch is no larger than my old one. I also like all the new features like the mini ECG.This is a great Apple Watch with the latest technology. The ease of use and the data the watch produces is fabulous. I highly recommend this watch.Love my new watch. Great features, love the “bigger” screen and a nice upgrade from the 3. No regrets.Love the watch. Its user friendly.  Good options on phoneUpgraded from series 3 and it is great!
Great new features and apps. This is the perfect size for the smaller wrist.
Love how easy it was to sync up with my phone.GREAT BUY, IVE HAD IT FOR 2 MONTHS AND IT STILL LOOKS GREAT. A MUST BUY!Great watch. Battery life is acceptable. Easy to useGreat watch love the features and faces available for it.Nice watch...gift it wife she love it must buy.....Apple quality as expected. Useful features for daily activities + rhythm monitoringLove this red color. Bought open box and it was practically brand new.Good price and nice watch. Looks elegant with decent functionality.So maybe I'm just an Apple hater at this point but this hasn't lived up to the hype that was made of it. I have recently just moved to the "Appleshere" (if that's a word) and moving from Android, I've not been really wowed just yet. To be very honest, I haven't really seen a thing that the watch does that my Samsung Active Watch 2 couldn't, So, it hasn't really been a big upgrade as I had expected. It's nice how it syncs across when you have all Apple devices but that's about it.
Only thing I can rate over Android was how seamless it was to pair the devices.
Other than that, it's a great watch!
If you're looking to upgrade from a Series 6 to this, you might just want to wait it out - comparing this with a 6 a friend has, I really saw no difference except for the wider screen but that's just my opinion anyway.Love love love my Apple watch and its in my favorite color...This was a gift from my husband and I absolutely love it. It was not the color I actually wanted because they didn’t have the star light but I am good with it.Bought this for my wife for Christmas and she immediately fell in love with it, she barely uses her phone anymore, plenty of features and ease of access thingsDidn’t realize how much I would like this until after I got it! Husband encouraged me to get this and so glad he did! Love  the health features and text features.Stylish sleek and colorful light weight to wear crystal clear faceThe watch was a gift for my wife and she has been loving it. We had an issue with the first one we bought, but Best Buy was able to replace it without issue. It runs well and looks good.
More features than I expected and was an excellent purchaseMy husband wanted an apple watch for so long so i decided to buy obe for his birthday!It's an awesome watch and very handy!Surprise gift for my wife on Mothers day and loves it!!!Is super convenient for work and  the color is so pretty and delicate!!!Great product, great color. My wife loves her new iwatch!My wife loves this watch. The color is neutral enough to go with any outfit and the screen is a great resolution. The blood oxygen monitor is very helpful and seems accurate.This is my wife’s third Apple smartwatch #7.
She can’t stop raving about all the features.Really enjoy the new watch.  Love the color.  Great value.I am enjoying this watch.  It has many features that I like.  The battery last longer than I expected (about 24 hrs)  Also the watch charges in less than two hours.I gave this watch to my wife for a Christmas present this year.  She is really enjoying and it was a necessary upgrade to work with her IPhone 13This is my second apple watch and it does not disappoint.  Literally all the bells and whistles I need to make my life easier each day.I liked it. It is really easy to use. Fitness app in Apple Watch is good.cute and huge screen. love love love! pricy but worth it.This was a gift and one of the best I ever gave. the Wife loves the watch.Great all around product, especially the white color. Latest Apple features, packed into a small package.  Sure will enjoy it for a long while.Wonderful, works like a charm. Great battery life and featuresWorks well in all its features. Takes a little bit of  getting used to all the possibilities.Must be charged every day which is hard to get used to.A smart watch that very informative and fashionableThe apple family of products amazes me. Love the simplicity with this watch.Got this as a gift for my self and I Love it like how it fits and looks amazing
I really like the light color and band, plus all the cool things the watch can do.so far been awesome, love the new features for blood oxygen, and heart measurement for afib.Love my Apple 7 watch.  Not only is it beautiful, but it is so handy to monitor my calls… I do not need to leave what I am doing to get my phone out of my purse anymore.I like the new appearance and styling of the new apple watch!I was able to find this online and it was ready when promised and easy to pick up at the store. The watch is super easy to use and happy with my purchaseI like the look of the watch and the ease of use. I would recommend to a friendPerfect Mother’s Day gift. Can’t go wrong with an Apple Watch.Bought as a gift - this is a great watch and has been working great for the past couple of months, with no issues!Excellent purchase. This was a gift for my wife, and She loves it. I have noticed, the battery is dying in a day. I might need to report it to Apple.Great quality, Faster processor than the 3 I’ve bought before! Love the new colors and always on display.
Battery life is awesome all day!Really love it…full screen view and app features are simply great…but this all come with baggage of battery life, need to charge it every day!!Gift for my Wife.  Replaced her previous exercise watch, but with way more features.I had a Series 3 and was waiting for the 7 Series! So glad I did! It's a little bigger, but the screen is amazing!  Can't wait to try out all the features, but what I've tried, I LOVE!Love this watch. Easy to put on comfortable all day. Very user friendly. Would recommend to anyone who’s looking for a great watch to pair up with their Apple phone.My wife loved her new watch, she couldn't believe I got it for her. I love the new size and fast charging.I really like my watch.  I like it for the convenience of looking at my physical activity and so easy to use instead of taking my phone out of purse.  Certainly worth the moneyPurchased as a gift & they love it. They upgraded from a 2 series watch & already amazing by battery life with the new onesLove all the features and great battery life. Upgraded from the 3. Very happy with purchase!!Excellent product, love the color and the size of them screen.Great quality, worth the price, ekg feature is great
Love the way it keeps track of everything. Bought this 7 because I wanted more Gigs of storage, also some of the other health features.Nice, bigger display than my previous first generation watch. Nice new features and helpful health programs. Very pleased with the improvements.I love the size and it’s gorgeous design. Love it!This is my first Apple Watch and I really don’t know why I waited so long.   Absolutely love all the features and the ease of setting it upGood watch. Nice looking. It works perfectly fine to meLots of cool new features and is a great watch to use! Definitely recommendLove the new Apple Watch. I’ve had the series 1 and 3, I hope this one last just as long if not longer. Love the new features. I believe the 41mm is the perfect size for womenVery nice watch my son loves it it gives you so much information and and you keep your track of every phone call and text messageOnly had a few days, but love it so far!! So many features! And great for monitoring my pulse ox!! Super easy to set up it connected right to my iPhone.Litke the ability to be able to answer texts without having to reach for my phoneI am more than pleased with this watch. Especially the fitness features, they are very helpful.Bought for my wife and she really likes all the features that this watch offersGreat product. Looks cool. Love selection of colors.I bought this as a gift for my wife.  She loves it especially the heart monitor.  Very clear and easy to use.Great Apple Watch. Bought it for my daughter the screen is an inch bigger and has more features also it charges faster than Apple Watch Series 6.Apple iwatch series 7 it's the best iWatch it's beautiful and works fantastic.Easy to use, enjoyable to wear. Motivational for exercise.This was the perfect upgrade to my Series 3 apple watch. love the color. I look forward to accessorizing it with other wristbands. =DI am very happy with this product.  Love the larger display, and additional features.  Would buy this product again.Cool watch! Great buy! The battery life could be better in my opinion but overall it’s a reliable product with cool features.
I bought it as a gift for my Daughter, she loves the new version.Excellent product. Sleek design and amazing battery life!Great watch to have. So many new features. Compliments the phone well.I like my Apple Watch it is very functional and look & feel great.I really like the additional health features that this phone has available!The bigger screen makes texting people easier and is totally worth the upgrade from series 6 apple watch!Prior to purchasing the Series 7, I had a Series 3. Therefore, all of the new features, the larger watch face, and hardware blew my mind.Great watch. Love the many features and that it is synced w my phone!!Great watch.  Just upgraded from my series 4 to get done new features as well larger face viewThis was a gift for my wife.  She was apprehensive at first but quickly warmed up to heath app features and absolutely loves it now!I love my Apple Watch series 7 it is awesome love the heartrate featureLove these new features, bigger screen. Came with the red band.I love the new Apple watch I have always wanted one. It is so interactive !! I love the color of the Band just everything.Gr8 watch, love the versatility and look. Easy to learn and use.It looks better than the pic. The ecg application is super coolColor and screen size are perfect for me. Finally upgraded from the original Apple Watch and this one connected easily with no problems.best accessory i ever bought.  i dont use it for all its features but i still like wearing the watch.  my family loves the walkie talkie feature.Love this watch the color is subtle but the screen is so much larger without changing the overall footprint of the device.  Battery lasts about the same as my old series 3Happy with the purchase. Trade in of the old watch was also smooth in the store. Great watch after upgrading from Apple watch 3 to 7.as a gift to my sister in law, she loved it. a great though for Christmas gift and an addition to her apple items
Bought this watch as a gift for my wife, we loved the features.  The people at Best Buy were kind enough to help her set it up and explain the features to her.it was just as promised and expected.  apple quality and great customer service.Great watch . It is like iPhone on your wrist. Very nice design . I love answer my calls, text's, GPS. Everything is great.The perfect birthday gift for my daughter! A must to complete the iOS experience.Bought the Apple watch series 7 as a gift and the person loved it!Love everything about it the color being able to text and allLoving my watch so far. Battery life is good and love the colorThis was a gift and my wife is very happy with the watch. The watch works well and has been easy for her to learn and use.Nice color and great fit.  This is the perfect size for most small wrist, now I said it. Where’s my reward.Great features!! I have to charge it daily so that’s a negative but other than that it is an outstanding piece of equipment!Nice design. Very responsive when typing. Great for detecting my running workouts.Bought as a gift for my wife and she absolutely loves it. So much functionality. Her Fitbit band broke and I bought this for her to try out. I want one now.I absolutely love it! I upgraded from series 3 to this series 7 and wouldn’t change it back! Plus, this color is great!Owned earlier models and when I needed a new Apple Watch it did not disappoint. More new features than ever. The activity and exercise features keep me motivated.Beautiful watch,color.Value for money.I’m glad I made the decision to purchase here.Hrday purchase.my son loves itPerfect watch as a gift considering we are Apple Watch wearers. Like everything about it and the health & fitness tracking.Love this watch, big improvement over version 3. Looks great as well.It has been great thus far. I had the 4 series prior to this one. I always have it on. I use it during the day to monitor my activity and keep track of my exercise regiment. At night, I use to monitor my sleep. Love all the app options. Definitely, recommend it.Great watch for fitness and keeping track of your health goals. Love the color… I highly recommend this watchLove my watch and it works great. It looks good and I have no complaints. My battery last at least 2 days. Works great!!!!
Love it! Nice and sophisticated look. The color is just right between the silver and gold look.Just love it
He color everything
I did have a different color but this one is just a better match with all my clothesWas a gift for my mother, which she loves. She is still learning about all the things she can do with her new watch.Apples ecosystem is flawless in design and functionSmooth as eggs! I like the new color and love the usefulness of different watch faces! This is the way!Works great. Battery life lasts about 2 days. Great features!Great gift for my wife. Good assistant helping her set it up. She loves it.Quick delivery. Great quality product. My husband loves his birthday gift. Such a versatile watch!I like the feel and looks of my new watch, its easy to see everything I want to see and do on itLike the starlight color, but the watch band looks like it may show wear and tear more than other colors.Great watch, the only thing is the battery, it last less than a day with full charge.This is the great Apple Watch with great features!Love the screen clarity. Easy to use voice commends. Charges quickly.The Apple Watch is great. This is my second one and I love the new features and larger face.I love this!!! I enjoy the health features and also talking to people without having to whip out my phoneGreat upgrade from series 3, bigger display..faster charging and the new health feature to monitor blood oxygen level as well as ECG…Easy set-up, looks great, and performance is better than expected.Great new watch with a bigger screen. Fits my current bands and the starlight is a great colorVery great watch! Sturdy and easy to use! Battery life is good, I charge it at bedtime every night. Definitely recommend!Great watch! Great quality and features. Definitely recommend!
Gift for my mom and she loves it. She had a fit bit but wanted to switch to an Apple Watch and she likes the change.Perfect for work, makes it so easy to respond while too busy to get phone out. Love the color and perfect size.Great watch with beautiful sleek design. Able to track my workouts, measure my oxygen levels, and so much more.Bought this for my daughter for Christmas and she loves it. She wears it every day and it has several new features.Love this watch and all the new features from my Apple 3Bought this Apple watch for my daughter's birthday, very good design and nice looking, but there is no charger comes with, that is bad.Great watch. Upgraded from a series 4. This is much faster and the screen is beautiful. Love it.Watch is nice, works well with phone and many cool features. I did not give it a 5 start review because I am not a fan of the band that comes standard with the phone. For what one pays for the watch, Apple should provide a higher quality band.Quick charging is essential and a huge upgrade over previous versions.  Color is more of a dark green than bright.The watch is great. I enjoy the features. It is great to time, temp, and exercise rate at my fingertips.Got it when on sale! Great functionality! Beautiful screen! Used as fitness tracker. Only downside is the battery lifeAbsolutely love it! Find new things out about it everyday.   It's easy to use and helpful hints come in handy!Love this watch. So light and comfortable and easy to use.Like Apple watch 7 it is so nice and I like the colorThis Apple watch proved to be just what I thought it would be. I love it. Can't wait to learn all of it's features.It’s great I like the style and design of it 
Vary sleekThis watch has great features. Still learning all its functions but I’m sure I’ll use it for all my workouts and moreAwesome watch.  She loves the features.  Has not quit talking about it.Beautiful watch , many compliments on it . Like how the watch tracks my activity and that it can do my EKGIt's very similar for last year's model yet with significant differences. Apple has perfected the art to make smart watches.
Apple products, can you ever say anything bad about them except that they are pricey? Beautiful watch, wife loves it.This watch is awesome, it has so many features! It has exceeded my expectations! I would recommend this to anyone wanting a apple watch!What a great upgrade from the og apple watch its so nice to have a watch that does not take forever to do simple task. What a nice upgradeA great watch. My wife enjoys the watch because everything can be easily accessed i. The wrist.I had the 1st gen watch and it finally died so I needed to upgrade. I love how quickly this one charges and the added features.This was a gift and my daughter loves it. She is still learning the basics and is excited to see how much it can do.Upgrades from a Series 2 and the new features especially health are terrific. Increased battery life is a plus.The fast charging feature is really helpful. Also loves the bigger screen fitted in the same form factor.Looks luxurious and fits right into Apple's ecosystem. This size 41 seems to be the right fit for an average wrist.I love the green color of this watch. Easy to navigateVery good watch, many excellent functions for an older relative safety wise . Easy set up, attractive as well.Liked the product so far.
Battery life is good with all feature on.Got it as a birthday gift for my baby cousin  
And he absolutely loves it.I have loved my Apple Watch so far. It has some really great features that other Smart Watches do not have.Does everything it’s advertised to do and does it well. Easy to set up. Life has become easier!Love it and the new features are great. The larger screen is sweet also.I love my new watch. It’s easy to use and tracks workouts etcI love my Apple Watch. Very functional and user friendlyI went from a 4 to a 7 snd the technology difference is significant and well worth it.  Love the color too!She had a 44 mm too large 
Now with the new 41mm
She loves the size and color
Good watch, nice color and size and shape thank youRetirement gift for my team member & she love this!The Apple Watch 7 series 41mm my wife just loves it. She wears her watch daily and is very fashionable.Was a very well received gift or at least that is what the recipient tells me she loves itBouhgt this for my wife and she absolutly loves the new features from the first gen she had a while back.Amazing watch nice color and quality use it every single daymade the upgrade from an older model and love it.  The additional feature from the first gen are definitely a plusReceived as gift - a very nice watch with lots of very useful and informative functions and apps.Got this as a gift for my brother. He uses it every day and absolutely loves it. So many cool features, cant complainGrwat product, love it, works like charm, different design neededGreat smart watch. Nice sleek look. Face is customizable. Love how it tracks your fitness goals.Apple Watch Series 7 is nice! Great upgrade from Apple Watch Series 1 to a 7! Love the new features and bigger screen makes it nice.I love this watch and it looks very different from my watch 4. It could  last a day now.Finally had the watch back in stock. Love the color. Setup was easy as can be. The color is amazing!!This apple watch so good, very easy to use, comfortable and light.Bought as an early Christmas gift for my wife. She loves the blue color. She got her own wristband.Had Apple watch Series 1.  Just upgraded.  Love the new featuresThis is my 3rd Apple Watch. Highly recommend these watches. They work well and look stylish. What more can you ask for?A great upgrade coming from an Apple watch series 3 
Has lots of new features and the display is so easy to see!
Pretty new color caseI purchased this watch to replace my Apple Watch 4. I like the newer features and the larger size.
Enjoying my new watch,just learning all the new features it has.Nice watch with lots of features that I’m still learning about. It replaces a fit bit watch with many many more features. It is well made and comfortable and easy to use and I just wish it had better battery life.Looks nice and works well with the apple iphone as far as compatibility and seamlessnessLove having apple watches. This color is so pretty and neutral.Best wearable Apple Watch ever all the features that was shown I online are true love this watchWe love the Apple 7 Watch . Apple products never disappoint me .  The features are so improved and more detail .The Apple Watch keeps getting better and better!  The new features and larger screen are fantastic.This is a a great smart watch.  Though display is beautifulLove the size and features. I previously had a Series 3 and Series 7 is a huge upgrade.I bought this for my wife as a gift and she loves it!Very nice watch. So easy to use and sync up with Iphone. I can track my daily/weekly exercises.The watch looks nice and feels good. The blue color one, I absolutely like it. The display is good and can comfortably use itI love the look and size of the series 7 face. Also the bigger font makes it easier to read. Charges fast.Great watch for a gift. My wife loves it! This is a definite 5 star purchase.Bought as a gift.  Was greatly appreciated and viewed as a useful and valuable gift.  There was a big smileI love it, I have never had anything like it. It is so simple to use.Great color and best update! Using the oxygen meter during the pandemic has been a reliefEasy to set up. I have found there are many accessories to personalize. The walkie-talkie feature is a neat item.First Apple Watch and it’s cute! If your worried about it fitting your wrist there’s a S/M and M/L band.Absolutely LOVE this watch. Classy and stylish not to mention its an Apple Watch. What more could you ask for?
Got it for my friend as a gift and she loved it! Great gift itemEasy to use once connected. Only negative so far is it hast to be charged daily.I love the product and highly recommend it. I love the size and it is user-friendly.All that matters to me is daughter loved it. I’m thinking of getting one for myself.Has a lot of new features and very helpful when doing something and can’t have phone in handEasiest decision ever!  You can never go wrong with an Apple brand.  Bought this as an upgrade.  Love it!!!!Love my new Apple 7 series. It’s so easy to handleI like the color, It is a big upgrade form my series 3 watch.Love the fit,battery last a lot longer, great featureslove the color. the size of 41 mm and more screen coverage makes it the appropriate size for the wristGreat upgrade! Had the the 3 for years and was surprised with this. Couldn’t be happierApple watches are always so beautiful and handy…..Gift for the wife she upgraded from the series 3 and She loves it!larger optics, safety feature and exercise reminders, heart rate monitor excellentGreat product and would recommend buying. Sleek and nice.Great watch! Love the color so much… keeps accurate accounting of my workout and stepsPerfect condition and the size is perfect, my wife love the colorWife loves it. Nothing else needs to be said.  Came in a nice color too.I got this for my sister and she really likes it she even went back and got the band go with it extraShe loves her new Apple Watch 7, battery life could be better but that’s not Best Buy‘s fault
It’s a great watch that helps me with exercise accountability and has a lot of neat features.Great watch. Really like the feel of it. Function is great. Love color. Great fit for everyoneBought as gift for my daughter and she loves it. Wish I had bought me one for that priceGave it as a gift to my partner and she loved it! I was the big hero on Christmas!Upgrade from an S2, huge upgrade. Watch looks great, battery life is good.First apple watch purchase. I really like it, best buy did a price match and I got it in a good price.Love this color, goes great with my nursing uniformGreat price for everything that is included.
Excellent apps for your health.
Easy to set up.
Great looking.Apple Watch 7 is similar to 6 version with small increase in screen size and charge faster. More colors available.As expected you will get what you paid for. The green color looks better in actual.My daughter love the color. It is the color of the season. Easy to connect to phoneEasy to use by a tech challenged person. Big display and easy to see and read screen.Love the color and longer battery life. I would buy this againBest Apple Watch yet, fast and loaded with features.The new upgraded watch has many more features than the first one.Upgraded my wife’s Apple watch and she loves the new features and bigger watch face.This was a gift. Came on time, and customer support was very helpful with price match.Best gift I’ve received yet! I do not know what i would do without it!Definitely big change from my 3series, now this is fast  smother and a  good looking watchgreat apple watch. Works great, looks great. Very happy with purchase.
Got it for my mom for the health features, feel better knowing she has it.Convenient and easy to use. Keeps u alerted even if your phone is distant awayAwesome watch! My wife said she will never own another brand from here on out.Very easy to connect with phone. I love the option of colors we can now get with the watch.This is a great watch!  The set up was easy and it was simple to figure out how to do things.Perfect watch with all the new updates and durability! The color is awesome!!Excellent time piece.. plenty of great features and apps.Works great, easy to use.  Love the integration with my phoneI really like it! Easy to use, informative, activity ring is helpful.I love the design.  I was never a huge fan of smart watches but the Apple Watch is actually pretty good.Very comfortable and has medical features I was looking for.I love the battery life and how fast the watch can be charged. Even though the keyboard on the watch is a cool feature, yet it’s way too small fir me to type.Great feature, fit and I use the exercise tracking a lot. It was is a good purchase.Love it! Amazing color! Definitely worth the upgradeGreat watch with useful health features. Very comfortable and sleek looking.Best gift to give, very durable and a lot of things to do on itMy son loves this watch. Gifted this for Christmas and had so many featuresPurchased as a gift for my wife she absolutely loves!I was under the impression that the battery would last a few days without having to be charged but it doesn't. Overall, I love it! The device is easy to use and has been a great way to track my activity and share with my accountability partner.Love the look and feel of the watch. Fast and durable.
Awesome Technology you can integrate in your everyday life. The updated features to the screen are coolI love my new watch! Love all the features it has. My first watch was series one!I love my new I watch my husband got for me for Christmas. There’s a lot of new features that I loveGreat gift for my college student.  He went from a Series 1 to a series 7.  Very happySo much easier to read the screen than past versions. Love the green, although the metal looks black not green.Nice sleek piece of Apple grade tech.  Nice fit and finish.  Beautiful user interface.Wife loves her Apple Watch. Nice features they’ve added this yearI love this Apple Watch also the new colors are amazing:)Nice Watch, better aesthetics, better color, better battery, much better performanceGreat price on this series 7.  My daught will love it! And the starlight color is super cool!Lot of features and got a great deal from bestbuy.Watch is great. Wife loves it and easy to use. Highly recommendedGreat product, the features that comes along with this watch are wonderful.Love the watch. Has great health apps it’s sleek and looks terrificgreat ! love the color easy to pair with phone! recommend itLove all the new features of this watch. Nice size screen.  Quick delivery. Long battery life is a great feature.Great price to the great product. Speacially like the new features.LOVE MY APPLE WATCH!!!! It was the perfect upgrade for what I need!Very good watch highly recommend to buy
It feels very good and it looks very niceI love this watch because it’s look great. People can buy the items
Love my Apple Watch. Makes life a lot easier for everyday life.Fantastic! Love it! Apple watches are always great. Good battery life that lasts all day and great features.I’m loving my new Apple Watch. Very easy to set up and the new features are great.Great Watch, beautiful looking and easy to use app on iPhone.This watch has awesome features and doesn’t disappoint in any way.This is the best Apple Watch love the color is awesomeGreat gadget, best one by far. I love the EKG feature.Great color; love the matte color and thick band. I love itBest series yer….love the added features larger face size and everything about itA decent gift for Xmas for fiancé. Unfortunately it was an unexpected complicated purchase because you had to jump through LOTS of hoops to price match.Love the new watch love the color and so much faster!Great product and love the color. Bought colored bands to change out.So many cool features on this watch. Apple does it again!Love the new look to the apple watch, bigger screen and sleeker design. Upgrading from a 3.I find the red color of this watch is more vibrant and attractive in person than in the pics online. Love it!Apple watch series 7 (GPS) is faster and is with very advanced features.Very Nice upgrade to this AW. Design is much better!!Took awhile to setup but works great! Looks great! Fabulous product.Amazing smart watch. Excellent screen display and variety of colors.Excellent features. I love this watch. It charges very Fast.
This thing is so beautiful. Looks great on my wrist.It is very good, I really like the green color on the case and different green color for the bandsThis is huge compared to my Series 3 38 MM. great use of space and easy to useworks great, very fast. easy setup. great new apps and features vs old models. highly recommendMy daughter is loving her new Apple Watch 7 GPS model. She really likes the new features.Gotta have this Apple watch.  Good quality, with many functions.It is the best smart watch design in the market￼. However, the batttery life is terrible￼. I don’t wear watch at night￼, so I put it on the charger. In the morning￼￼ I put it on the watch before go to work around 6:30am. In the afternoon around 2:30 PM the battery goes to 17%￼. I don’t even use it for phone calls or navigation. I only use it to check the time and receiving￼ notifications. I searched online for solutions￼, the recommendations is to limit some ￼ functions, but why should I? I buy iwatch because if these functions. If I have to turn off to save battery life why should i buy? Apple should really improve the battery life￼￼ for iWatch!Great Apple Watch very easy to use   Love flexibility pricey but all Apple products are high qualityBought for my wife and she loves the features, but battery does not last more then one day.  The answering calls and messaging is a great feature on this watch, the thing she wasn’t happy was the color.It Works really well. Has a lot of great features.Much better battery life and new features that are really insightful.Excellent product. Very well integrated with other apple devices. Elegant and clean design.This is functional with lots of fun features!  There are also some pretty cool watch faces!Excellent buy made a great xmas gift also great services like alwaysI love my watch. Very user friendly. I am glad that I purchased this watch.It is a very good product.  Very comfortable to wear it and so many color to choose.Love this watch.  I liked it so much i bought one as a gift for my wife.Nice watch I’m so icy love the new features and the heart monitorGreat features and super fast processor with the vest being the health and fitness monitoring capOutstanding watch. Work great with  iPhone 13 looks very nice as well.
This Apple Watch looks so beautifully. Works very well with my new iPhone 13Works great! Looks great and easy set up! Links to iPhone easily!Hey very nice watch! I love it! Does so many things. The perfect gift!I purchased this for my daughter for Christmas. She absolutely loved it.Anything Apple is awesome! Works great. I love the exercise features.Even better than my version 3, great new Features.Great improvement over the last model. Love the new keyboard.I like the Apple Watch nice color we recommend to avery nice and so many new features. Upgrading from apple watch 5.Gave this as a gift. Very happy - features and comfort all as advertised.Very nice watch. Smaller face perfect for my wife. Lots of great featuresBought as a gift for my wife and she liked it. Upgrade from series oneVery easy to use, But takes a while to learn all the capabilitiesscreen is bigger and brighter and easier to use than previous models!This was a Christmas gift for my teenage god daughter.  She loves it!Love the features of the watch. The 41mm fits my wrist perfectly.Product is great, all the features are exactly what I wanted.Daughter loved her watch.  She loves all the features.Best Apple Watch yet! New features make it so much betterMy best friend loves it
Great stuff do on it and great gift he loves
Nice watch, many features and good support from appleVery nice watch.  I like the new features of checking EKG and OxygenStrong frame and easy to use. Apple products are all high quality and worth the extra money.My wife absolutely loves this watch. The new features are great.First Apple watch, my wife loves it.. easy to pair and looks nice.I love this watch. Easy to use and navigate with Iphone app.My husband loves it. Convenient and so easy to use.great looking watch and the functions provided exceed expectationsThe watch watch is beautiful.  Can't wait to learn more about it!It’s a great watch and thanks I received it very early. a lot of nice featuresLike this product. Wish it were slightly bigger. Love the health features.Love the red color!  Had the 4 version this is so much faster.This was a present for my wife and she loves it! Will definitely buy one for myself.So convent and health helpful.  Easy to use.  Love it.Traded in series 3 for the 7 and love the latest features! Very happy with itVery happy with this Apple Watch, and love the color.Came nicely packaged, exactly what I expected, color was accurateThey really refined this design. I was surprised how easy it is to use. Texting is a breeze.nice watch. nice color. bought as a present. she seems to like itGreat watch. Nice upgrade. New features are worth it.
Great product love all the new features over my 3 seriesGreat functionality and ease of use.  Very easy to connect and use.Beautiful Watch, has everything you need. Build looks of quality
big Screen.Watch is great with a lot features, specially the oxygen one.Great watch love every feature of it best watch everAs always, well designed and beautiful. Practical and functionalLove my watch -would recommended it — has great featuresLove it! Bought it as a gift for my husband and he loves it.Apple watch is easy to use and provides all the apps i needThis new color pops out, if you’re thinking about it don’t wait buy it.Bought as a gift
My wife loves the watch
The price could have been bettergreat product, easy to set up and easy to use. overall it was a great improvementFrom giftee: "I like the customization and watch face features, activities and workouts, and the ability to talk to Siri. I don't like that many apps do not display on the watch."Love this watch!  Looks great and very comfortable to wear.Like the new features and much better battery life.Wife loves it.  Great size and features.  Can’t wait for one with BP tooWas a well received gift.has already put on a decorative band.Bought as a gift and they love it! May get one for myself now.Beautiful watch.
Love the qwerty keyboard and is he new 45 face size.User friendly, can download manual to refer to, 
Like the options to change watch faces, and bands.  Wish the battery was a little longer.   Lasts about 1 1/2 days
Great item. Well worth it for the price. The new series colors are great.Great product.  Easy purchase.  Online order process was seamlessIt was a Xmas present for my daughter and she is very happy with.My son loved this watch. He couldn’t put it down. It’s easy to useI love my Apple Watch! All the new features are awesome. I only wish that the bands that come with it would fit my arm better.Great gift for my sister she truly absolutely loves itGift for my wife and absolutely loves it!   She recommends itBought for my wife and she loves it. It has a lot of featuresLove it!!! Love the bigger screen more features!!!Very comfortable and smart. Looks really good and the ekg function is greatLove. Love. Love. iWatch is a must have! I love all the new featuresI love it. It is easy to use and and lives up to the Apple name.I upgrade my watch to series 7, worth it with best features,beautiful design. My daughter loves it! Just what she wanted.My daughter seems to like it and it’s visually appealingLove this watch! Has a lot of cool and helpful features.Perfect size and very nice watch. Good for price and easy to useGoing excellent. Excellent watch - Apple 7 Series
Very smooth and easy to useGreat color. Awesome new face. Amazing battery life!!!Love this watch! The screen has great color and easy to read.
Great tech, good value. Gift recipient loved the watchExcellent watch, great features, especially those related to health.Excellent product; does so many useful functions and is easy to use.great watch, very useful features. Definitely, high recommended.Works great
Great design 
Many different functionsI’m in love with the color. This is a upgrade from my I watch 6.Amazing product. Beautiful and sleek. Might change the bands for better style.Very good product. Larger display watch and I like this coolWorks great, no complaints from fiancé (it was a gift for him).Great Christmas gift to go with their Iphone and airpods.Love it .upgraded from Apple 4. Love the color. Love Apple watchesWorks great. Love all the features.  I use the O2 and the ECG, along with the ios app.Great watch.  Slim design. Easy to use. Would recommendNice looking watch! I wear it all the time since I can’t always access my phone.Love this watch, so many cool features. Purchased more bands on Amazon!I like Apple watch 7, its very nice and easy to useBought the 41mm for wife and 45 mm for myself , we both love the Apple watch, we have been using it for almost a month now & we keep learning about its many new features daily ...Love it !  
The color is very nice on the watch!!!Great feel, easy to read and simple setup and linking to iPhone.Great watch to wear.  Comfortable and easy to use.
Love the new Apple iWatch! Color and Clarity are great!Great product very happy with purchasing great designExcellent features and fast charging is there as wellBest Applewatch yet! Improved function and style. Keyboard makes it easier to text.sharp looking and good enough to wear at any event or gathering.Great product very informative. Wife love the various features.Fantastic new watch. I am so excited about all the new featuresI love it!!! I had I watch 3 and upgraded to 7 
I love the color and the size!was easy to set up and had features to monitor  healthIt was a gift for my husband and hes really enjoying itLove the color and I like to track my workouts and steps on this!Love, love love this watch.  Fits great and looks amazing.Good product. Recommended. Easy to use. Happy with my purchase.Great watch and had great customer service such a good looking watchEasy to use.  Was very easy shopping and waiting for deliveryThe best Apple Watch yet, Medical features are great. The display is amazing.ordered online, picked up easily at the store - seamless!My wife is happy with the wrist band. She likes the color and the comfort of it.Classy, cool color , quality as apple promises, easy to maintain.Daughter loves it.  Easy to use.  Quality seems the same as my 6
Works great It was a gift to my sister and she loves it.Love the color and the watch I'd recommend it to someoneGreat gift! Daughter loves it. Replaced an older model.Best watch yet! The colors are perfect together!! I love it!Beautiful…. Clean and easy to connect. Love the compactgreat watch stylish and the os is bettee than the 6Love it!! Looks very cool and also is very functionalMuch needed upgrade from the 3 series for fitness needs, as the former model lags in heart rate and other measurements.  My runner very much enjoys his new Apple Watch!Upgrade from series 3. Love the larger screen and better colors.I loved my new green Apple Watch ⌚️ Love the new colorI love the watch. It helps me keep up with my health issues.Love this watch. Especially the ecg and oxygen. Easy to use.Perfect size for my wrist and love the new screen size!Upgraded from Serie 4. Looking good. Many functions added.Perfect as a gift!  Easy to setup and works perfectlyLove my new Apple Watch 7 series. Love all the new features.Great I really like this apple wach work great and look greatAmazing watch. The blood O2 level checker is terrific.Apple products are great products can’t go wrong. Great colorGreat Christmas gift for my daughter.  She loves it
Great upgrade!! Very sleek and stylish! Love the new watch faces!!I love it! Such a great purchase! Highly recommended!Nice look and technology, like the ECG and additional health appsGot this for my mother for Christmas and love the colorBest watch in the market . Price quality and looks.great, easy to use, portable, compact, fast, reliableLove the new features. Can’t miss a phone call or a text!Well, this is a great surprise. So many new features.great & beautiful watch...........................Bought it for my girlfriend and she loves it . Although I do recommend getting a aftermarket band if you have small wrists.Still learning it.  I haven't had an apple watch since the first gen.  I love the oxygen and heart rate features!   Also definitely better battery life.Great watch with a lot of fun and informative features.Lots of features.  Wish it came with a wall charger. Original band kind of sucks and its annoying that you have to charge it everyday but Its usefulLove it. Charge lasts for over a day and has cool new features.Apple is always good looking and look very modern.Great color, always happy with apple products, beenGreat watch. I like all the new features it has compared to my 3Love it. Factory sealled. Color great and good priceAwesome product son loves. Great new features. 2nd watchLove the red Apple Iwatch series 7.   A lot of new features.
Excellent watch. Easy to use and adjust. Apple did it again.Very comfortable my wife love it.  Best upgrade everI have updated to the 7 because it has more features.Nice looking watch. It’s nicer then the 6. Fast to charge.Great watch love the color, the fit is perfect and I love being able to pink my phone. Having the pictures in my wrist is great!It’s the usual birthday gift for the wife, she loves these watches.My wife loves it! She discovers new features every day.A very handy, durable, stylish, waterproof watch to wear.My wife loves it. No issues, great color with a big screen.Beautiful piece of machinery. Excellent display and fun to wear!Liked all the new features that yhis version of the apple watch came with this time ... compared to the apple watch 3 that i have had for a while....really nice color, may scratch if not careful but 10/10Great watch, my first Apple Watch and I use it everyday. I thought that the black strap would be darker but it’s more a lighter black.So far so good. Love all the features. Only down side is I wish the battery lasted longer.This is my first Apple Watch. Great features. Overall I am happy with the purchase. Wish that it held a charge longer.Great looking Watch, made out of quality material and I would recommend this to anyoneWish battery life exceeded 24hr period.  Utilized the EKG feature which I found very helpful.Overall a good watch. I just wish the battery life was longer. Features are great..The color is awesome  and always good to have I watch .Amazing and very easy to set up and use. My wife loved it
No complaints. There is a learning curve - enjoy finding new features... Really like the biometric apps.Overall love the watch! Love all the health tracking features. Downside is that the battery needs to be charged daily.Updating our daughters Apple watch. She loves it and likes the update features from her previous watch.Nice Watch. Like the color and functionality. It is sleek and feels weightless.I really enjoyed my series 3 and am enjoying the series 7. The watch is comfortable and easy to use. Programming was a snap.Solid Apple Watch, the new features are great! Some of the new medical features are unique.I Love the APPLE Watch series 7 . Cool features. I got it for my daughter.awesome watch love the color and it’s good for health. i got it at a really good priceWorth buying this watch, love the updates and new featuresIts nice very easy to use and my daughter liked itLooks great on my wrist. Should’ve gotten the bigger one. This is a little hard to text from.It looks good    Can’t wait for my daughter to use it 
I brought it as an early Christmas presentThis is an amazing product. Works amazing and makes every day like task easier.Love the color and all the features…wish it had a round face.nice color east to setup. Does not come with USB-C ChargerVery happy with the watch.  Everything that we expected.  Additional features are nice.Technology is great! Easy to use. Could be more comfortable on wristGreat watch. Fits great and the Heath tracking features are really helpful.Watch is ok but needs frequent charging (daily). Has many features, most that I’ll never use. Honestly, I wouldn’t spend the money on it again.Nice design and style very functional. Easy set up in pairing with the phone
Nice color , not much of an upgrade from series 6!My daughter loves the watch. Especially all the new features.brand new, love it, best gift for my wife and the screen is beauty.Perfect I love it ,love the color and how it looksOrdered this sleek and elegant watch for a friend.Works well, nice features but battery life sucks only good for one day. If interested in monitoring sleep must charge it before going to sleep. Charging outlet is not included and the tip is no longer USBIt was a good price and was a gift. Showed up a day later then stated. Tracking said it was returned to vendor and box came damaged. But watch was okay.What is not to like?  It's an apple watch.  I am replacing a prior watch that is still working and sold.   Swap was seamless.  I'm not noticing a lot of updated features  but the display is nice.  My prior apple watch had no scratches and looked new--they are certainly durable.  I wear it every day.  I use it for so many things.I love the color and how it fits, the battery dies to fast though.It is nice color also I like it. It make my life more capacity.The Apple Watch is amazing with all the apps that are available. No trouble with battery although I did eliminate some of the apps that I don’t need on the watch.  Since I’m older (78) I appreciate the “fall” indicator and the ability to have a potential fall be reported to family or 911.I hardly decided which I should get Apple Watch 41MM or 45MM. 45MM looks so neat for me but it was little bigger for my right wrist. I went to Apple store cuz Apple staff provided me Apple’s VRI. I asked her some questions about AW7 45MM. She strongly believe i shoyld get AW7 41MM cuz i feel very comfortable while I use a sign language. I am deaf. I made a decision to get AW7 41MM. I love it! I decided going to BestBuy store for trading my AW SE to AW7 41MM. I love my new Apple Watch.This watch does more than series 3, 4, 5, and Minor upgrades from the 6 it also has a keyboard where u can text people on watch I recommend this watch it’s best Apple Watch out right now worth the moneyIt’s an absolutely amazing watch, it’s perfect and I didn’t have a hard time paring it to my apple phoneLove the watch! The Apple Watch is very useful and stays charged all day. The activity app is my favorite and I love how you can compete with people.I don’t like the band color but that’s an easy fix. The bands are slightly tight on my wrist so I bought larger ones on Amazon.love it and the price was excellent. was able to order online and pick up at store.I love my apple 7 series watch never thought I’d like it. I was wrong Most definitely love this product. I encourage my friends and family to switch from android to apple .Received it same day from store pickup. I liked the ease of getting my watch from ordering it onlineCool Apple Watch. I recently got the new updated one.Yeah its real Neat!! The controls and display are super easy to use
