The best smart watch you can get from Apple in this price. If this is your first apple watch then it’s the best choice. Worth buying this.❤️
For the new buyers i want to say While seeing the image i thought the product is nike edition. But on recieving the product only i came to know that the product is a normal SE watch.The only demerit i found is the battery backup. You will end up charging the watch almost all days. I was previously using a casion gshock and initially this one felt too small for me but on usage the 40mm  looks pretty good. I am having a 167mm wrist size The main pros of the product is the apple ecosystem and th...
Very nice watch
Amazing amazing amazing !Go for it before it runs out of stock. The display size and quality has significantly improved compared to series 3.There are new watch faces too !!
Apple is awesome!!
im using iwatch 5, bought SE for my wife, comparing both, SE worth money, only disadvantage is the screen is not ON continuously as in case of iwatch 5
Just apple brand is enough to tell you what this watch can feel like. I thought SE is having smaller screen watching the reviews but after seeing the watch in physical, believe me you feel its big and i don’t think one needs to buy watch 7 just for the bigger screen.
Amazing
It’s a great watch,great design,value for money,awesome
Excellent product
Don't buy any apple gadget from Flipkart, ordered watch , but the watch band was damaged, now apple service center denying that it is not covered in warranty and Flipkart told me they can't do anything.Seriously it's better to take it from reliance digital or croma stores. As they atleast provide customer service
Osmm
Good
Value for money
Good
No regrets, what a excellent watch, apple ka product mind blowing 👍
Just loved the product as usual Apple quality Top notch..😚
Good product
Supper
Must buy
Good
Nice product unbelievable performance.
Simply stunning 🤩 Extremely happy with the purchase , thank you so much for quick delivery..!!
Every individuals hands are not of standard size. A company like apple should have the commonsense to give options for strap when purchasing the product
If you are having an iPhone, then this is must to have. Flipkart delivered it safely.
Thank you flipkart
Awsome product 👍😊
Good
Good product everything was the same as a apple store.
Loved it💯🔥
Fantastic
Awesome
Masterpiece!
Thank you for delivery it just in one day . I loved this watch .Sharing few pics of my watch . It feels so good too wear it . A gentle look .
Amazing smart watch, probably the best in the world of smart watches goes to Apple, I am glad that I own one. Daily activity trackings were made much easier with best display quality. Package arrived well within 24hrs with unbeatable deal at 16.2k in sale.
apple watch is a top of the line smartwatch you can ever buy....no other watches in this segment cant be even compared with this...the display and the quality is top notch...if you want to use it to the fullest u better have an iPhone....
Here are some findings after using the product for over 7 months now.Battery- Easily lasts for 2 days with 5% still to spare. Mind you I had done a 5Km walk climbed multiple stairs in these two days.Call & Voice- very easy to hear and crisp voice when used as a handsfree, very useful while drivingFunction- vibrations and alert monitoring to change of HR, alert for time for meditation, alarms, and stopwatches worked like breeze. Calculate exact footsteps, unlike MI, Fitbit, and Honor bands....
Awesome in every way no need to go for series 6 or else all features are working nicely 42mm is enough size for men all you need to just buy this one☺️….
So far I’m enjoying every bit of it. It’s awesome and battery life is 24 hrs though company claims 18 hrs. I use it for morning runs which vary from 5 km to 15 km, I track my sleep and rest all other activities like playing badminton in evening. It goes through day fantastically.
Positive : Apple Watch 3 is real value for money. If you grab the right deals, have the right credit card it comes at a affordable price. I added one more sleek product to the apple ecosystem in the form of Apple Watch. Flipkart service is excellent. Timely updates make it more hassle free. Negative : It doesn’t come with an adaptor (GPS only version)
Really I’m very happy with the watch its my first Apple Watch happy with flipkart one day delivery i just love to shop on flipkart always the best deals and offers ❣️☺️
Super watch no issues so far speedy and perfect for Apple ecosystem. Have used samsung watch, wear os watch but this one us above all. Super battery life my watch goes almost 2 days with 30% battery left.
Flipkart made me happy once again by his product.Superb watch.Just recommend any1 who wants to buy. Go for it buddy.Only sad part is the deliver agent are not at all good at their service Rest love for Flipkart
Nice performance as expected from apple brand.
The watch is very good and even if it is series 3 is still it is the best buy in the year 2019 or 20 at this price point I will recommend everyone to go for this watch instead of series 5
Loved the way of delivery. It protected very well and i received it very fastly. Thank u #Team_flipkart❤. would love to order more!
Good product but not very useful.
Amazing product . Almost all apps we can sync. Battery will work for 1.5 days if fully charged. 38mm is best fit especially for womens.
very bed experience for apple product . touch not working Manufacturers defact no return no exchange no responsibility please don't purchase apple product online
Good companion for iPhone. Handsup for flipkart delivery!
Goood
Apple is all of above .. got this in 15400 in republic sale . Thanks flipkart
I received this watch with non-working charger :( had to ask a friend for loaner charger. Will need to go to service centre for further assistance!
It is just awesome 🔥😍
Product good but delivery guy was pathetic his tone his service the way he was talking arrogant His name was Sidhu chalwad from Pune. He doesn’t deserve to be in Flipkart or elart bad experience with this guy
Good product from apple but worst support from Flipkart on returning the product
I absolutley love my Apple Watch, this is definitely one of the best technology purchases
Apple is apple awesome
Great
Amazing
Awesome feeling… there is nothing like Apple … it’s brand & status
Product is really very good but battery is not up to the mark. Need to charge on daily basis as ur phones. Where as other brand watches are coming with good battery life.
Everything is Gud .Except charging hardly gets 2 days .Apart from charging everything Is fine .
Best
Inaccurate readings . As bad as local Chinese products. It counts car movement as exercise hours and does not count stand hours accurately. Most of the readings r at par with Lenovo products .. expensive inaccurate item ..
Genuine product & Super service.
Awesome product
Performance is superb Activity tracker,breath,maps,notifications etc.Really loved it ❤️ You flipkart
Loving every second of owning this watch. It has definitely made me more active than before.
Poor quality display, just it’s been a month there is a lot of scratches on watch
Grater 👌❤️
Excellent product, superb quality, superfast delivery by flip kart
It's Apple. No words.
Faster than Series 1 ; brighter too!!
Nice one
Nice Apple watch Thanks for Apple Inc. AndFlipkart
Good, basic model, soft ware needs to be updated by apple, music is not playing, able to attend calls
Very good
Good product
Nice
Awesome Product by Apple
Good product form Apple i love this watch
nice
Awesome product
Waste
AWSM PRODUCT
Very good, perfect and original. Thank you 🙏
Good watch
Nice watch… original
Nice product and money worth
Awesome product
This is very bad prodect
Good And Nice Watch
Very nice
Very happy.
Sweet
👌👌💕 good Quality
